BOJACK: Who wants chocolate chip pancakes?

BOJACK: Hey, where's Sabrina?

BOJACK: Why don't you guys leave this one to me? Why aren't you dressed for school, prickly muffin?

BOJACK: Sabrina, nobody's popping on my watch. You stick with me, and I promise you, everything's gonna be just fine.

BOJACK: What? I'll be in my trailer. Nah, I'm just horsin' around. You folks enjoying the show? And how about Sara Lynn as Sabrina? Isn't she wonderful? Sarah Lynn. You remember that name. Hey, you see those people? Well, those boobs and jerk wads are the best friends you'll ever have. Without them, you're nothing.Remember that. Your family will never understand you, your lovers will leave you or try to change you, but your fans, you be good to them, and they'll be good to you. The most important thing is, you got to give the people what they want, even if it kills you, even if it empties you out until there's nothing left to empty. No matter what happens, no matter how much it hurts, you don't stop dancing, and you don't stop smiling, and you give those people what they want. Why aren't you dressed for school, prickly muffin?

BOJACK: Who could that be?

TODD: Who-o-o wants chocolate chip pancakes? I do! I do!

BOJACK: Why are you talking to me? 

TODD: I thought maybe if I said that, you'd make me chocolate chip pancakes. Oh, come on, buddy. It's a beautiful morning, the sun is shining, birds are chirping... Let's do something fun today.

BOJACK: Like what? 

TODD: Like a cannonball! Like a "buying you a new bed"? Wow, everything in this store is made out of old train tracks and a reclaimed pier.

BOJACK: Oh, great, for ten grand, I can sleep like a hobo.

TODD: Do we need letter openers made out of Confederate bayonets? It says they're stained with authentic Yankee blood.

BOJACK: Yeah, it's me, straight off your TV screens and into your shitty lives. Huh? What the...? Uh...

BOJACK: Um, hi. Sarah Lynn, hi.

TODD: Damn! 

BOJACK: And then she took a dump on a sofa made out of a reclaimed propeller. 

DIANE: Where's Sarah Lynn now?

BOJACK: I checked her into Promises. 28 days, she'll be good as new.

DIANE: How did it feel to check the girl you raised on television into rehab?

BOJACK: It was tough. I would have liked to reconnect with her. At least we got to bond a
little on the drive to Malibu.

TODD: Oh, whoa! She is losing a lot of blood, BoJack.

BOJACK: Beautiful day for a drive, though, huh?

DIANE: Well, maybe the two of you can catch up some more when she gets out of rehab.

BOJACK: People don't usually want to hang out with me after rehab. I'm really more of a before-rehab friend.
I think it's gonna be a long time before I see Sarah Lynn again. Who could that be?

BOJACK: Oh, great, well, that's a relief. Uh, should you be taking all those pills? Your doctor or just a doctor?Yeah, I don't think that was... Uh, are you supposed to be snorting it like that? Okay, so before we put to bed the whole you going to rehab thing... Sarah Lynn, I hear what you're saying, and I think I know what you need. You just need a strong, responsible adult to say: "Yes. Yes, you can move in with me." This is gonna be fun. Hey, everyone,
the old gang's getting back together. Three little orphans. One, two, three. Who-o-o wants
chocolate chip pancakes?

TODD: Uh, what's going on in here?

BOJACK: Morning, sleepy-pooh, you want pancakes?

TODD: Yeah, that sounds great.

BOJACK: Ooh, tough break, champ. I just gave the last one to Sarah Lynn. Early bird gets the worm.

BOJACK: Wha... "Early turd gets the
sperm," nice one, Sarah Lynn. You should do a Shouts and Murmurs. Help yourself to some cold wheat bran, sport.

TODD: Ugh.

BOJACK: The guest room is yours as long as you want.

TODD: You have a guest room? Why have I been sleeping on the couch for five years?

BOJACK: You'll get the guest room when you've earned the guest room.

TODD: Andrew Garfield loves lasagna?

TODD: Uh, that somebody was you, right?

BOJACK: Honey, do you really think going to the mall's a good idea? I seem to recall another time you went shopping when things got pretty out of control.

TODD: Oh. Really? Not the time when she gored herself with a bayonet and shat on a floor model?

TODD: Andrew Garfield hates Mondays and loves lasagna?

BOJACK: She said drop it, Todd!

TODD: Whatever,

BOJACK: Muffin, I've got to work on my book today, and I can't have a bunch of folks over
making a lot of noise. No, no, no, no, no. Sweetheart. Sweetheart. Honey, of course your friends
are always welcome here.

TODD: Can I invite a frien...

BOJACK:  No.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You let that basket case into your house? That girl is a PR hurricane that you don't need right now.

BOJACK: She has nowhere else to turn. She broke up with her boyfriend. She stabbed herself and closed
the wound with duct tape. She fired her agent.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Back it up, horsey. Did you say Sarah Lynn doesn't have an agent? Laura, hold my calls, cancel everything! Ahab's got a white whale to catch, baby!

BOJACK: Uh, hello? Still there?

TODD: Oh, th... that's...  that's fragile. Uh, no, oh, no, wait. Careful. Careful. Careful. Whoa! Hey, hey, hey! Ah! Lemur!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hi, what it is, banana bread?  Oh, whoa, whoa. Who says I'm looking for a new client? Slow your roll, Speed Racer. We're just two single ladies having a no-presh rap sesh. I'm not one of those agents who can't turn it off. Your Ari Emanuels and Vanessa Geckos and what have you. Is she? I've heard that.

DIANE: I didn't realize you were so into house music. 

BOJACK: Look, I asked her to turn it down, but apparently, this volume was prescribed by Dr. Who
to treat something called "uptight dickhead disease." What do you... What do you think about Sarah Lynn?

DIANE:  Oh, I don't really think about her all that much. I mean, obviously, I'm
a fan of her early work which both satirized and celebrated youth culture's obsession with sex, but I do
wonder as a third-wave feminist if it's even possible for women to reclaim their sexuality in this deeply entrenched patriarchal society, or if claiming to do so is just a lie we tell ourselves so we can more comfortably
cater to the male gaze.

BOJACK: Uh, what?

DIANE: But you know, on the other hand, I worry that conversations like this one often dismiss her as a mere
puppet of the industry...

BOJACK: That's my same worry.

DIANE: Incapable of engaging in these discussions herself...

BOJACK: Obviously.

DIANE: And infantilization, which is itself a product of the deeply misogynistic...

BOJACK: So deep.

DIANE: Society we live in. But like I said, I don't really think about her all that much.

BOJACK: Okay, well, that is very interesting, but I was more asking, like, what do you think about her living here?

DIANE: Oh, right. Well, what was your relationship like with her when you were working on the show?

BOJACK: It was very good, very professional. Oh, it's no problem. All right, take it sleazy, everybody. I don't know. I'll probably just go to the amusement park, maybe the circus, fly a kite on the beach, watch the sunset, then I'll head back to my place to watch any number of Disney princess movies while eating ice cream
straight from the tub. Yeah, like I want to spend my weekend hanging out with a little girl. Good one! You should write for the Shouts and Murmurs. See you Monday!

DIANE: So the makeup they were putting on you was not for the show, it was just for the weekend?

BOJACK: Why does that matter?

DIANE: I'm just trying to understand the story. Do you think it's possible that you inviting Sarah Lynn
into your house now is your way of compensating for not...

BOJACK: No, Diane, I'm just helping out a friend. I'm not trying to play out some weird, sick dad fantasy, or resolve a deep guilt for past neglect, or even try to retroactively fix my own childhood by recreating someone else's, and I'm especially not doing all those things at once!

DIANE: Okay.

BOJACK: What happened? Did somebody hurt my precious baby? Sarah Lynn! Ah! What the...? No, that's not cool.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oof. Way to harsh the vibe, Kissinger.

BOJACK: I always loved that catch phrase. Can your friends at least take the artwork off the wall first? Okay, good talk.

TODD: Wha... Are you serious? The reason I have called this house meeting is...

BOJACK: Todd, how many times have we been over this? You don't have the authority to call house meetings. Only I can call a house meeting. You can propose a house meeting. All right, fine, fine, fine, but the reason I propose this house meeting...

BOJACK: Your proposal has been submitted and is under board review. Proposal denied.

TODD: BoJack, this Sarah Lynn thing is getting out of control, okay? She's taking advantage of you.

BOJACK: What? No she's not. We have a special relationship. You couldn't possibly understand.

TODD: Oh, my God. Look at what she's done to your house. All right, look, I mean, I stepped on a needle earlier.
I think I'm addicted to heroin now, so now, that's probably gonna be a whole thing.

DIANE: I have to say, I agree with Todd. You're not this girl's father, and you're not doing her any favors by refusing to set boundaries.

BOJACK: Look, I played a dad for nine years on TV, so I think I know a little bit more about parenting than you two jokers. The kids on Horsin' Around didn't need boundaries. All they needed was some good, old-fashioned love.

TODD: BoJack! This is not a TV show, okay? This is real life.

BOJACK: Some good, old-fashioned love, and I'm gonna give it to her. I'm gonna give it to her so... hard.

TODD: You know, I feel like we don't ever hang out.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Here you are, milady, a gin and nutmeg just like you asked. Well, you know what
would taste even better? An endorsement for a Slovakian yogurt. Could Vanessa Gecko get you that? Well, I've got a table at the Comedy Central roast of Gloria Stein...

BOJACK: Hey, Sarah Lynn, what say we spend the day together, just you and me, away from all the haters? Great, let's go. You know, Sarah Lynn, I got a feeling everything's gonna be okay. What? Herb Kazaz has cancer? Well, that's horrible. Why would you tell me that now? No, Herb and I aren't on the best... Look, I'm trying to have
a moment here. I can't... Hey, I want to give you something. It's the most prestigious award I ever won. I always thought if I ever had kids of my own, I'd give it to them one day. I want you to have it. Shh. Just let the credits roll, let the credits roll. Special moment Exec Producer Garry Marshall Such a happy day "Sit, Ubu, sit."
"Good dog." "Arf." Yeah, okay, we're done. Hello?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack Horseman. Did you get rid of your old TV Guide award? This pawnshop on La Cienega was selling one with your name on it.

BOJACK: What? Wait, why were you at a pawnshop?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I just have a guy there who calls me whenever TV awards come in so I can buy 'em. I put my name on, it's like I won it myself! I have two Golden Globes and a People's Choice for Temple Grandin.

BOJACK: Sarah Lynn!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello? You still there?

BOJACK: Okay, party's over. Everybody out. Not you. You are in big trouble, young lady. I can't believe you pawned my award. Look, things have been tough for you, and I understand that. I know what you're going through right now. Hey, now. That is gross. You are way out of line! I'm not your dad, and you're not my child. We're just a man and a lady living in a house together, and we're both adults, and we're both a little drunk. Who lit my
ottoman on fire?

TODD: Seriously, you seriously don't know?

BOJACK: Yeah, you are bad, very bad!

TODD: Uh, what?

BOJACK: Your boob is a very impractical way to put out a fire.

TODD: What is happening?

BOJACK: I think you have a serious drug problem.

TODD: Guys, guys, what are you doing? Please don't do this. No, no. Why are you... This is a very bad idea.
Can I at least get my blanket... let me get my blanket out from under... Oh G... Oh, my God, my arm.
You got my arm. Ow! Ow! I'm in it now. Oh, God,
no! I'm a part of it. I still haven't regained the feeling in my fingers. That was the longest
two minutes of my life.

BOJACK: Um, I think it was a little longer than two minutes. It was longer than two minutes.

TODD: How do you not get that this is terrible?

BOJACK: Oh, you mean from a P.R. standpoint? Yeah, 'cause if this got out, oh, I would get flayed!

TODD: Oh, I'm done being the voice of reason. It's exhausting. I got to take an angry nap. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh.

BOJACK: I know. I know. She's taking advantage of me.

DIANE: Actually, it kind of feels like you're the one taking advantage of her. She's the one with substance abuse
problems and daddy issues.

BOJACK: Hey, we both have substance abuse problems and daddy issues.

DIANE: Yeah, but she came to you for help.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, notice how I've been ignoring you, playing hard to get? Only makes you want me more.

BOJACK: Sarah Lynn, get your coat. I'm taking you to rehab. No, it's not all right. This place isn't good for you. You need to go where you can get help, real help. I will always be there for you. These pages are shit.
You understand? Shit. I wouldn't wipe my ass with these pages. It would defeat the whole purpose of wiping my ass.
Uh-huh. You get me points on the back end? Well, I told you I'm not gonna do it unless I get points. Oh, they can't find any? Well, maybe they could suck some out of my dick! I'm on the phone. You're being very rude. Sarah Lynn, this is for your own good. You can't stay here anymore. Uh, well, you should not do that. Wh-What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No! No, no, no, no, no!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Laura, the dummy took the bait. Now for phase two.

TODD: Is she gone? Is it safe to come out?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Leak to the trades that Andrew Garfield's agent is taking meetings with his ex, get it all over town, wait an hour, then get me lunch with Andrew on the books for this weekend, someplace Italian.

BOJACK: I really blew it, didn't I? I mean, maybe you could have been a better role model when she was young, but also, she never really had a chance.

DIANE: This is what our celebrity culture does to people.

BOJACK: So what you're saying is:

Everything is society's fault, and we as individuals never need to take responsibility for anything?

DIANE: Uh, no. Not exactly.
I was just saying that...

BOJACK: Yeah. I like that. I didn't do anything wrong because I can't do anything wrong because we're all just
products of our environment, bouncing around like marbles in the game of Hungry Hungry Hippos that is our random and cruel universe.

DIANE: Wait, no, that's not even what I'm saying...

BOJACK: Yeah, It's not my fault. It's society. Everything is because of society!

DIANE: BoJack, that...

TODD: Dude, just let him have this.

BOJACK: Hooray! Everything is meaningless! Nothing I do has consequence!
