BOJACK: Well, good morning to you too.
Where? I'd love hay.
It is good to be here, Charlie. Sorry I was late. The traffic-
I parked in a handicapped spot. I hope that's okay.
I'm sorry, disabled spot. Is that the proper nomenclature?
No, I don't think I should drive right now. I'm incredibly drunk.
Is it just me, or am I nailing this interview? I kind of feel like I'm nailing it.
Charlie, listen, you know, I know that it's very hip these days to shit all over Horsin' Around, but at the time, I can tell you - Is it okay to say "shit"? -
'Cause I I think the show's actually pretty solid for what it is.
It's not Ibsen, sure, but look, for a lot of people, life is just one long, hard kick in the urethra, and sometimes when you get home from a long day of getting kicked in the urethra, you just want to watch a show about good, likable people who love each other, where, you know, no matter what happens, at the end of 30 minutes, everything's gonna turn out okay.
You know, because in real life Did I already say the thing about the urethra?
That's a great question, Charlie.
I, uh Uh, I Um

TODD: Morning, sunshine.
Why so gloomy, roomie?

BOJACK: First of all, we're not roommates. You are my houseguest.

TODD: Well, we don't need to put labels on things.

BOJACK: You sleep on my couch, and you don't pay rent. I've had tapeworms that were less parasitic.
I don't even remember why I let you stay with me in the first place.

TODD: Because my parents kicked me out, and I had nowhere to go, and even though you don't want anyone to know it-

TODD: You secretly have a good heart.

BOJACK: You told me they didn't approve of your "alternative lifestyle.
I thought you were, like, a troubled gay teen or something.
I didn't realize by "alternative lifestyle" that you meant you were lazy.

TODD: That's on you for making assumptions. Also, if you're looking for the Toaster Strudels, I got really high last night and ate them all.
Did you say you've had tapeworms?

BOJACK: That's unfortunate.
I know, and I'm sorry, but I am making great progress.
BoJack Horseman: The BoJack Horseman Story, written by BoJack Horseman.
Chapter one.
Chapter one.
Chapter One.
Aren't you an editor at a major publishing house?
I thought I saw someone reading one in the park the other day, but it turned out it was a takeout menu.
That's actually a lot of pressure.
Ugh, no, thank you. Look, just give me one more week, and I will give you some pages that'll knock your ass back to the South Pole.
Yes, one week. I'm telling you, this book is a top priority for me.
Oh, right. Yeesh.
You're wearing that to the prom?
Neigh way, Jose.
"Neigh way, Jose." I improvised that line.
I mean, it was written, but I gave it the old BoJack spin.

TODD: Hey, how many times have you watched this episode?

BOJACK: Yeah, but do you get it, though? Because "nay" means no, but it's also a thing that horses say.
It works on every level.

TODD: I get it.

BOJACK: Ah, you don't get it.

TODD: Are you drunk?

BOJACK: Todd, I weigh over 1,200 pounds. It takes a lot of beer to get me drunk. Yes.

TODD: Ah, yeah, I see. You're just bummed out because Princess Carolyn dumped you last night.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, we need to talk.

BOJACK: Hey, check out the rug on that guy.
Who does he think he's fooling? Turtles don't have hair.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Stop embarrassing me. That is Lenny Turteltaub.

BOJACK: You know, I am not crazy about the bread here.
Mm. Why do I keep eating it?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, can you please just listen for a second?

BOJACK: You have my undivided attention.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I think we should see other people.

BOJACK: Were we not seeing other people?
Wait. Shh! Shut up.
Now, that's a horse of a different - cruller?
Oh! God, that's good comedy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack!

BOJACK: What? Everyone gets a mulligan, and my mulligan was Carey Mulligan.
I'm kidding, jeez.
It was Emily Mortimer.
What is the problem here? Are you embarrassed of me because I'm a has-been? Because you know that I'm writing that book that is gonna make everybody love me again.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're not really writing a book.

BOJACK: Well, I already spent my advance, so that's a first step.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Look, this has been a lot of fun, but I need to start thinking about my future.
I mean, you don't even respect me enough to have a baby with me.

BOJACK: Whoa, what? I never explicitly said that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You said it with your actions.

BOJACK: What actions?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, look at that baby. Isn't he the cutest baby you ever saw?

BOJACK: What? What? What? No, no, wha
No, no, no. Misunderstanding, officer.
I was running away from my girlfriend whom I don't respect enough to have a baby with.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, face it.
You're afraid of commitment.

BOJACK: I'm not afraid of commitment. I commit to things all the time.
It's the following through on that commitment that I take issue with.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, stupid, isn't that your friend over there? Oh, Mr.

BOJACK: Peanutbutter? God, I hope he doesn't see us.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is that BoJack Horseman?

BOJACK: Oh, jeez, here we go.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mr. Peanutbutter and BoJack Horseman in the same room.
What is this, a crossover episode?

BOJACK: You know, that gets funnier every time.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You're being sarcastic, but I think it does actually get funnier every time.

BOJACK: We're actually in the middle of breaking up right now... so if you could just

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah? You're in the middle of it?

BOJACK: Yeah, that's right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So would it be awkward if I joined you right now?

BOJACK: Yes, actually, it's very awkward. Is that not clear?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, this is awkward right now?

BOJACK: Yes, please leave.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How are you, Mr.Peanutbutter?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, living the dream, P.C., living the dream.

BOJACK: Why are you making conversation?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, let's see, it's the English word: It's called being polite, BoJack.

BOJACK: But am I crazy that this is a bad time?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Always a Clydesdale, never a Clyde, eh, BoJack?

BOJACK: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You'll get that one later, man.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Erica, get out of here with that face!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Would it kill you to be civil? This is why we're breaking up.

BOJACK: So it's not because of the thing with the baby?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's because of a lot of things! Waiter, could we please have the check? Thank you.

BOJACK: We haven't even ordered yet.

CAROLYN: I have wasted so many dinners on you, BoJack Horseman. I don't know how you can expect anyone else to love you when you so clearly hate yourself.

BOJACK: Let me see that. $10 for bread?
I don't want to live in a society where the pre-meal bread isn't free.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Can you take me home, please?

BOJACK: Yeah, but I didn't even eat that much bread. What did I have? I must have had-
Nine really? Great, now I'm gonna feel like a fat ass all week.
You've seen me naked. Do you think I'm getting chubby?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You want to know the real reason we're breaking up?

BOJACK: What was that? Sorry. Couldn't hear you over the sound of my calories not metabolizing.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This is so classic you. You're using this bread thing to avoid talking about our relationship.

BOJACK: No, that is definitely not happening.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'd like to go home now.

BOJACK: You think I'm fat.
So yeah, technically I was dumped, but the real headline of the evening was, "Dumb guy eats bread, gets fat, the end."

TODD: What kind of headline is that?

BOJACK: Wasn't there a pizza here a second ago? God damn it! Stop the presses.

TODD: You're not fat. Oh, hey, let's throw a party. That'll cheer you up.

BOJACK: No, it won't. It'll cheer you up.
I'll stand in the corner by myself eating cotton candy until I barf like I did at your last party.

TODD:That was a good party. Hey, didn't we get a cotton candy machine for that party?

BOJACK: Who told you Princess Carolyn and I broke up?

TODD: She did.

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You never took me home, jerk!

BOJACK: Oh, everything's my fault.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Take me home.

BOJACK: Okay, jeez. But I'm not looking for parking in Silver Lake.
I'll slow the car down to a crawl, and you can duck and roll.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You know what, you can take a last look at this face, because it's the last time you're gonna see it-
Hey-up! 

BOJACK: Uh, okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack.

BOJACK: Oh, my God, we just broke up.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, but I'm still your agent. I pride myself on my ability to separate my professional life from my personal life.

BOJACK: Great. Then, as my agent, do you think I'm getting fat?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No way. You are in the prime of your life, never looked better.

BOJACK: What about as my ex-girlfriend?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You look like a pile of crap ate a second pile of crap and then crapped out a third pile of crap.

BOJACK: Wait, wait, so which pile of crap do I look like?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: The third one.

BOJACK: What? That's the worst one.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm not calling you as your ex. I'm calling you as your agent.
Remember that book you're pretending to write? Well, Penguin wants an update on your progress.
Does Tuesday work for you, or are you gonna be too busy this week masturbating to old pictures of yourself?

BOJACK: I told you, that's not what was happening that time. I was masturbating to what the picture represented.
You walked in at the worst possible moment!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So, Tuesday, though?

BOJACK: Yes, fine!
Hey, you got the electricity back. Good for you.
Uh, no.
Actually, I am a busy guy. I live a very active lifestyle.
I know kindergarten is scary, but you're a big girl now, and you have to be brave.
Wait, did you just call me "Daddy"?
Little Sabrina grew up right before our eyes, right, Todd? Todd? Todd!

TODD: What?

BOJACK: Did Sabrina grow up before our eyes?

TODD: Yes!

BOJACK: Diane "Nugent"?
Hey, Secretariat. You know, I always wanted to play Secretariat in a movie.
He's kind of my personal hero. Could never get the project off the ground, though.
I mean, there was this one time I came close in the '90s, but then those pre-Fontaine movies came out and people got tired of seeing him running on-screen.
She's cute.
Oh, God, I'm a failure.

TODD: Oh, you're not a failure.

BOJACK: Why did I say I could write a book?

TODD: Because you have an amazing story to tell. Relax.

BOJACK: Relax? Easy for you to say, you hippie. You've never had a day of stress in your life.

TODD: Ow. Why?
Oh, where's Gabriela?
What? No! - Gabriela, why?

BOJACK: Who? We were talking about me. Can you try to focus for, like, a second?

TODD: Oh, yeah, sorry. You were saying?

BOJACK: Never should have signed this book deal. You know what my problem is? I can't say no to people because I want everyone to like me.

TODD: You want everyone to like you?

BOJACK: Yeah, why? Do people not like me?

TODD: for 10 minutes Uh Uh What were we talking about?

BOJACK: I can see the headline now, "Stupid BoJack writes a stupid book about his stupid life, nobody cares."

TODD: What newspapers are you reading?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, why don't you just let that lady write your book and be done with it?

BOJACK: Better question, why are you in my kitchen?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm making breakfast. We had sex last night, dummy.

BOJACK: Ugh, I really got to start putting my phone on airplane mode when I drink.
This lady probably thinks I'm just some dumb sitcom actor.
I hate her and her stupid, impossible-to-pronounce last name, Na-goo-ya-go-goo-goo-goo-ga.

TODD: You haven't even met her. Give her a chance. Oh, you should invite her to the party.

BOJACK: What party? Why are you so obsessed with throwing a party all of a sudden?

TODD: Ow, ow, ow!
Because parties are fun?

BOJACK: This book is really important to me. I don't want to just hand it off to some stranger.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: If it's so important, why have you written literally nothing in a year and a half?

BOJACK: It's too much pressure. This book is my one shot at preserving my legacy.
I'm a joke, and if this book isn't good, I'm gonna be a joke forever.
Everyone thinks that I'm just this washed-up hack, but actually Oh, God, actually, what if they're right? I can't breathe.
Am I dying? Toast. I smell burning toast!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, my God, my toast!

BOJACK: Todd, on my grave, I want it to say that I was born in 1975.

TODD: No one's gonna believe-

BOJACK: Damn it, can't you respect a dying man's wish?

TODD: You're not dying.

BOJACK: We might have gone too dark on that series finale.

TODD: Do you just take those DVDs with you everywhere you go?

BOJACK: Linus walked around with a blanket. No one gave him shit for it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How long is that doctor going to take? I have a meeting with another client at 3:00.

BOJACK: You have other clients?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, I make a living off you sitting on your ass all day.

BOJACK: Are your other clients more talented than I am? Your silence speaks volumes.

PRINCESS CAROYLN: That was my intention

BOJACK: Jesus, if that's mild, I don't want to know what spicy feels like.
Too smart for the room? It was a salsa joke, people.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Take it easy, are you kidding? He doesn't have a job. He has no real responsibilities.
He doesn't do anything but take it easy.

BOJACK: I can try, doctor. I can try.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This book deal is obviously stressing you out. Will you just call the ghostwriter already?

BOJACK: What, you want me to call this woman on the phone? 
And Entertainment Weekly said I wasn't consistent. Really, not even a pity laugh? I did almost die.

TODD: Ha.

BOJACK: You have other patients?

TODD: BoJack, let's have a party, okay? I'll organize the whole thing. You can invite the ghostwriter and have a nice, casual conversation in a fun, pressure-free environment.

BOJACK: Okay, fine. We'll have a party.

TODD: Oh, thank God.

BOJACK: But we're not getting a cotton candy machine.
I can't control myself around those things.

TODD: I totally hear what you are saying, and I will do my best.]

BOJACK: Todd, who was that guy? Who are all these people?

TODD: Oh, you know, just a variety of folks from all walks of life.

BOJACK: Is this a Quinceanera?

TODD: Oh, so any party with Mexican teenage girls is a Quinceanera? Now who's racist? 

BOJACK: I find that pinata offensive.

TODD: If you'll excuse me, I have a Virgin of Guadalupe pendant to present.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack! Oh, good Lord.

BOJACK: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can you believe this, the two of us in the same house? Is this a crossover episode? No, I'm just kidding around, man. Seriously, though, how are you?

BOJACK: Well, I've been kind of up and -

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Living the dream, huh? Yeah. Hey, we'll catch up later, all right? I want to talk to you. Erica, how are you looking so beautiful? I'm furious.

DIANE: Hey, BoJack, right? BoJack Horseman?

BOJACK: Yes. Oh, I'm I'm sorry, I don't want to mispronounce your name.

DIANE: It's Diane.

BOJACK: Oh, Diane.

DIANE: Thanks for inviting me to your party. Sorry I haven't really been mingling. I get kind of awkward at parties.

BOJACK: Have you tried alcohol?

DIANE: I don't know. Parties make me anxious in a real broad sense. Like, look at that guy. He's having fun. Why haven't I figured it out?

BOJACK: What guy?

DIANE: No, there's no guy there. I'm just saying, like, a guy, you know?

BOJACK: Oh, okay, yeah.

DIANE: I'm probably just overthinking it because I never got the practice because I didn't get invited to any parties in high school.
What am I talking about? You don't care about any of that. Shut up, Diane. You're at a party, compliment the host.
You have a lovely home.

BOJACK: Yeah, well, if you're gonna throw away most of your adult life on some dumb sitcom, you might as well get a sweet house out of the deal, right?

DIANE: So what are you working on these days?

BOJACK: Well, mostly I just sit around the house and complain about things.

DIANE: Yeah, how's that working out for you?

BOJACK: I can't complain, so you know.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I will not have sex with you! This girl wants me to have sex with her. No, I'm just kidding around. You're a good sport.

BOJACK: Ugh, you know who that is?

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter?

BOJACK: Yeah, he was on that show Mr. Peanutbutter's House about that dog who adopted the three human kids.
What a dumb idea for a TV show.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You people are all right. Who wants an autograph?

BOJACK: He's so stupid he doesn't realize how miserable he should be. I envy that.

DIANE: Hey, do you know the story of the dad from The Brady Bunch?

BOJACK: Do I know his story? If I recall correctly, he was bringing up three boys of his own.

DIANE: Right, but-

BOJACK: They were four men living all together, but they were all alone. That is profoundly sad.

DIANE: No, the story is that the guy who played the dad hated being on The Brady Bunch because he was a real actor, and he considered it beneath him. Sound familiar?

BOJACK: That's not all that was beneath him. Gay joke. Sorry, I'm better than that.

DIANE: Most people don't even get to do The Brady Bunch version of the thing they want to do with their lives. You're actually in a really good position now, because you can pretty much do anything you want. You're responsible for your own happiness, you know?

BOJACK: Good Lord, that's depressing.

DIANE: No, it's not.

BOJACK: I'm responsible for my own happiness? I can't even be responsible for my own breakfast.

BOJACK: Todd! I need help.

DIANE:What would make you happy?

BOJACK: Well, finishing my memoir, I guess.

DIANE: Is that all? I can help you with that.

BOJACK: Yeah? I mean, would you even want to? You'd have to spend a lot of time with me. You'd probably get sick of me.

DIANE: I don't think that's going to happen.

BOJACK: No?

DIANE: No, BoJack.

BOJACK: Okay. Well, then I guess you're hired, but don't put all that stuff about how sad I am in the book.

DIANE: Oh, that doesn't count. We weren't on the clock yet.

BOJACK: Yeah, exactly. You're only my ghostwriter starting nah - Starting now.

DIANE: You got it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack!

BOJACK: Ugh, this guy.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, man, wanted to let you know, you are out of beer. Oh, I see you've met my beautiful girlfriend, Diane Nguyen.

BOJACK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a second. You drank all my beer? Also, you two are dating?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah.

BOJACK: You're dating him?

DIANE: Yes.

BOJACK: This is your boyfriend?

DIANE: That is correct.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh-huh.

BOJACK: You are going out with you?

BOTH: Uh-huh.

BOJACK: But in a sexual way, not just as friends?

DIANE: That's right.

BOJACK: You have seen her naked.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Many times, yes.

BOJACK: You are attracted to this?

DIANE: Yes.

BOJACK: This penis has been inside this vagina.

DIANE: Yep.

BOJACK: But in a sexual way.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, yes.

BOJACK: Humph. Ugh. Oh, my God.

DIANE: Are you okay?

BOJACK: I'm just I'm fine. I'm just I'm really happy for you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Should we get someone, or-

BOJACK: No, everything's Oh, this is really Wonderful. Oh, God. Starting now.

BOJACK: When.
I told you I don't know where it is. Don't put things in my butt if you want them back.
Thanks, Laura.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Bojack! It's your favorite agent.

BOJACK: Yeah, some agent. You couldn't even get me in the room for War Horse. There were, like, ten horses in that movie. I didn't need to be the war horse.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, dummy, I want to make sure you're all set for your first day with Diane tomorrow.

BOJACK: Is she gonna ask me a bunch of personal questions?

PRINCESS CAROYLN: The woman we're paying to ghostwrite your memoir? Yeah, probably.

BOJACK: Okay, alright, there's no need to get--

PRINCESS CAROYLN: What, catty? Are you gonna say catty?

BOJACK: I was not gonna say catty.

PRINCESS CAROYLN: Oh, what were you gonna say?

BOJACK: I was gonna say catty, because you're a cat.

PRINCESS CAROYLN: Goodbye, BoJack.

BOJACK: Laura, I know you're listening! You got it, right?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Laura, do not respond to him. Goodbye, Bojack.

BOJACK: She got it.
Excuse me, I just wanted you to know that you ruined someone else's night tonight, and I hope you have enough decency to at least feel a little bit crappy about it.
I was actually already in a bad mood, but I thought maybe, for one night, I could go out to a bar and try to forget about myself, but now because of you and your friends, I feel more self-conscious than ever.
Because I didn't think of that, and now I feel stupid!
No!
Maybe because you're skinny and maybe 'cause you're pretty, you're used to getting away with things, but I want you to know that your actions have an effect on others, and I hate you, and you're a horrible person, and you not understanding that you're a horrible person doesn't make you less of a horrible person.
Well, that was another in a long series of regrettable life choices.
Ahh! Why are you here?
Yeah, but why are you still here?
That better not be my last Toaster Strudel.
Well, get out of here. My memoirist is gonna show up soon, and I don't need you-- What's your name?
I don't need you Pam-ing up the place when she gets here.

DIANE: Hey, BoJack.

BOJACK: Ahh! Why are you here?

DIANE: You told me to come at 9:00.

BOJACK: That doesn't sound like me.

DIANE: I have your email right here.

BOJACK: Diane, why don't you come over Tuesday morning at 9:00? Also, you should bring this email with you because I might not remember it because I just took a bunch of horse tranquilizers, ha ha. Also, please don't put in my book that I use horse tranquilizers, ha ha. I just use a small dose to help me fall asleep at night and then a much, much larger dose to get me through the day. Also, I'm drunk. Also, I'm alone, so alone, so, so alone. Please don't put that in my book, book, book, book 'em, dildo. Does it taste like magenta in here? 

DIANE: Then I think you fell asleep on the keyboard, because it just says the letter "B" 27 times.

BOJACK: That does sound like me.
Well, anyway, this is my businessperson...
...here to help me with some business needs. All very above board.
No need to mention her in the book either, unless it's a business book.

MR. PEANBUTBUTTER: Ha ha, classic BoJack!

BOJACK: Why are you here?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, funny story! I'm filming a reality show later, so I thought I'd drop by with the old tennis ball and chain.

BOJACK: That is neither funny nor a story nor a reason for you to drop by.

DIANE: Aw, he just wanted to come over and brag about his reality show.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Get this, I am starring in a pilot presentation for a celebrity reality show. It's pretty cutting edge, huh?

BOJACK: Yeah, if it's 2003.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ha ha, don't tell VH1 that! Seriously, though, please don't tell VH1 that. We are calling it Peanutbutter and Jelly. Get it? Because I'm Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: Okay, who's Jelly?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, no, no, it's like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. It's wordplay.

BOJACK: You may have too forgiving a definition of the word "wordplay."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, it's a working title.

BOJACK: Well, it could be working harder, and that's wordplay. How'd you even get in here?

DIANE: Your roommate let us in.

TODD: Mi casa es su casa.

BOJACK: And that is the last of the Toaster Strudels, and now my morning is ruined.

TODD: Could you guys keep it down, okay? I'm kind of on a date right now.
In America, I am actually considered very handsome.

BOJACK: Okay, I'm gonna go get breakfast, and when I get back, I want everyone out of my house except for you and...
...you and--
Who are you again?

BOJACK: Right. You definitely should have already been gone.
Yes, I am BoJack Horseman, star of Horsin' Around.
I'm sorry, I-- I don't understand. Did you bring them into the store with you?
Really? You had dibs?
Look, I don't even want the muffins. I was just looking at them, but I got to say, if you put muffins down, they're not your muffins.
You didn't even put the muffins in a cart. You just left them out here.
Look, I don't want to get into a whole thing here.
No, 'cause maybe now I want the muffins.
Pseudo?! Would you say that to Eric McCormack? Look, I've had a rough morning, so I don't need--
Sorry, wasn't listening. See ya!
Oh really? I'm gonna regret buying muffins?
What, have they got a lot of saturated fat in them?
Oh, man, they do have a lot of saturated fat.
Why'd I buy these?
Man, I really regret buying those muffins and then eating them all on the drive home.

TODD: Well, my date with Ayako went really well. Thanks for asking.

BOJACK: I specifically didn't ask, and I'll thank you to respect my total lack of interest in your personal life.

TODD: She's hilarious. I never met a girl who was so curious about American bank routing numbers.

BOJACK: Still not interested.

DIANE: Should we get started on the book?

BOJACK: What's your hurry?

TODD: What do you guys think I should get Ayako for our 12-hour anniversary? She wants a framed picture of my mother's maiden name.

BOJACK: Okay, let's get to work.

DIANE: Let's start at the beginning.
What was your childhood like?

BOJACK: Normal.

DIANE: Normal?

BOJACK: Yeah, it was, uh, normal-- normal childhood stuff.
Mommy, can I have an omelet?
Normal childhood, and then just get right into the big, famous part.

DIANE: Look, if you're not ready to talk, we can wait.

BOJACK: I am ready to talk!
Why wouldn't I want to talk about my parents? They're so normal. That's crazy.
You sound like a crazy person, not me. Stop being so crazy, crazy. Why are you calling me crazy?

DIANE: Okay. Was your father--

BOJACK: Hold on, I got to take this. Hello?
Great, put her on.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack...
...are you watching MSNBSea right now?

BOJACK: Great question. Well, I didn't fall down on my remote, randomly changing the channel to MSNBSea while simultaneously crippling myself...
...thus physically forcing me to watch MSNBSea...
...so no. No, I'm not watching MSNBSea right now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, well, Hamlet, you might want to turn it on. They're talking about you.

BOJACK: Ooh! Good things, I hope.
Hey, I met this guy.
Oh, not the sneezing pic-- Why do they always use the sneezing picture?

TODD: Wait, wait, you stole muffins from a Navy SEAL?

BOJACK: I didn't know he was a Navy SEAL. I just thought he was a regular kind of seal.
You didn't even have dibs, you stupid sea cow. You guys think I should call in and set the record straight?

DIANE: BoJack, these people feed off controversy. If you dignify the story with a response, it's just gonna fan--

BOJACK: Sorry, I stopped listening. You were leading up to a "yes," right?
Okay, enough about America's heroes. Can we talka bout dibs? Because he didn't even really have dibs. If he had legitimate dibs--
You left them totally out in the open. That's hiding? How did you survive in Afghanistan?!
Hey, guess what, I can't give them back 'cause I ate them all, okay?

TODD: Dude.

BOJACK: Yeah, I ate them all in one sitting because I have no self-control and I hate myself.
Is that what you want to hear?
Yeah, there were exactly 12! I ate 12 muffins, and I didn't even want one! There's your goddamn news story, the myster of my missing goddamn self-respect!
How'd I come off?

TODD: Well, that went slightly better than the worst it could have possibly gone, so...hooray?

BOJACK: It's not even about the muffins. Everyone is just out to get me because I'm famous and so well-adjusted.

DIANE: Well, at least you've got some privacy. My boyfriend's filming a reality show at our house. If I want to be alone, I have to go to the roof because it's the only place they don't have insurance to film.

BOJACK: You go on the roof?

DIANE: Yeah, just to get some work done. Is that really weird?

BOJACK: No, it's adorable.

DIANE: When I was a kid, I used to climb up on the roof with my dad and look at the stars. What about you?

DIANE: Were you close with your father?

BOJACK: Happy Father's Day, Daddy.
It's a heart.
I tried my best.
Um, the canal?
Uneventful.

DIANE: What?

BOJACK: What?

DIANE: I asked if you were close with your father, and you sat here in silence for five minutes and then said, "Uneventful."

BOJACK: You know what, this is a really good conversation, and I definitely want to keep having it...
...but I just keep thinking about the muffins thing, so maybe we could put a pin in this thorough deconstruction of my past so I can put that other thing to be before it spirals out of con--
Your dibs were void!
Really, you, specifically, made America safer?
I don't agree to that. Maybe some of the troops are heroes but not automatically. I'm sure a lot of the troops are jerks. Most people are jerks already, and it's not like giving a jerk a gun and telling him it's okay to kill people suddenly turns that jerk into a hero.
What?
Oh, you took that the bad way, didn't you?
No, no, no.
Oh, God.
Hello?
Great, put her on.
You called me.
Ugh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack.

BOJACK: Ah!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm gonna level with you, honey. This whole you hating the troops thing is not great.

BOJACK: I don't hate the troops! I just hate one specific troop. I don't even hate him, really.
I just think that he's wrong about the muffins.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I know, BoJack -- just like always, you're right, and everyone else is wrong. But if you don't swallow your pride, this is never gonna let up. I know you're stubborn --

BOJACK: I'm not stubborn. I'm proud.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's kind of the same thing.

BOJACK: No, it's an important distinction.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, fine. You're not stubborn. But I'm about to tell you something very important, so I want you to listen carefully. I'm getting another call. I'm gonna have to put you on hold.

TODD: Uh, nope.

BOJACK: So where are we going?

TODD: Don't worry, I've got a plan.

DIANE: Whoa! Jeez.

TODD: Ayako, hey, I need you to get me three tickets to Kyoto.
Hey, I meant I was rich because I have friends, like George Bailey.
Hello? Well, I'm out of ideas.

DIANE: We can hide out at my place while we make a plan.

BOJACK: Yeah, great, just get me away from the cameras.
Do we really need to be filming this?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's for my reality show. You never know when gold's gonna strike.

BOJACK: Yeah, gold doesn't strike.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's why you never know.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, be nice.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Just pretend they're not there.

BOJACK: Okay. Well, I --
I'd like to --
I want to fix this as quickly as possible. I don't care who was right about the muffins anymore, even though I was definitely right. I just want my privacy back, so I can finish writing my tell-all memoir, so everyone will pay attention to me again.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I've already reached out to the McBeal camp. He's willing to publicly forgive you if you publicly apologize and present to him a box of muffins as a symbol of your great admiration for the American military and everything they do.

BOJACK: But I ate the muffins.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I know. We got another box. It's in the cupboard.

BOJACK: Oh, you were saving those? I ate those too.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We've been here for ten minutes! it's okay, we'll get more muffins.

TODD: I'll get the muffins, and they're on me. I just found out I got 80 bucks in the bank. I'm helping! Hooray!

BOJACK: So where are we gonna do this? Do I have to go on MSNBSea?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, we should do it somewhere people will actually see it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, why don't you do it on Peanutbutter and Jelly?

BOJACK: You can't call a show Peanutbutter and Jelly if there's no jelly.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's a pun.

BOJACK: It's not a pun if it only works one way.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Is this a necessary conversation to be having right now?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Look, I know tempers are high, but let's not take it out on the great title for my reality show, which we all agree is really clever.
We can edit this to make me look smart, right?
How's this look? Looks good? Okay.
Well, here I am, hanging out with my good friend BoJack Horseman, enjoying each other's company, as we often do.

BOJACK: Yes, this is all very authentic and natural.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, someone's at the door!
I will see who it is.
Wow, this is a surprise. Neal McBeal.
BoJack, is there anything you'd like to give Neal McBeal?

BOJACK: Oh, yeah, Todd?
What the hell is this?

TODD: I tried to buy the muffins, but my bank card got declined for some reason. But don't worry, I still saved the day because I found this bag of stale hamburger buns.

BOJACK: I'm sorry?

TODD: Yeah, they're just giving them away behind In-N-Out.
Why does anybody pay for anything?
Ow.

BOJACK: Uh, Neal, as a token of my admiration, please acccept this bag of stale hamburger buns.
Yes, hamburger buns. It's a symbol for how we throw our veterans in the trash, sadly, far too often.
Mmm...American made.
Well, I don't know if I --
You're a hero. The troops are all heroes, every single one.
And I don't believe saying that cheapens the word and actually disrespects those we mean to honor by turning real people into political pawns.
Also, I am not deeply ambivalent about a seemingly mandated celebration of our military by a nation that claims to value peace telling our children that violence is never the answer while refusing to hold our own government to the same standard.
Furthermore, I do not find it unbelievably appropriate that this conversation is taking place on reality television, a genre which thrives on chopping the complexities of our era into easily digestible chunks of empty catchphrases.
And finally, I don't --

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Guys, guys, where am I? Can someone tell me where I am?

BOJACK: Uh, actually, I had another point I wanted to make.

TODD: Yeah, but who doesn't love a dog with a bucket on his head? Come on. Bucket! Bucket!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, can anyone find a handle?
Oh, thank you, my friend. You're a real hero.

BOJACK: Unbelievable.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's your name, young lady?
What? Oh, my god, did we get that? Please tell me we got that.

BOJACK: You want a day-old hamburger bun?

DIANE: I'm all right. How'd it go down there?

BOJACK: You know what the problem is with everybody? They all just want to hear what they already believe. No one ever wants to hear the truth.

DIANE: I want to hear the truth. I don't know if you want to tell it, though.

BOJACK: What do you mean?

DIANE: Mr. Normal Childhood, Mr. Uneventful Father? Look, I can write you the standard empty-calorie celebrity tell-some, if that's what you're looking for, but I thought you might want more than that.

BOJACK: I do.

DIANE: Well, then you're going to have to open up and give me something real.

BOJACK: What, you think I can't open up?

DIANE: Well, I don't know if you can or not. You certainly haven't.

BOJACK: Okay, from now on, full truth, warts and all.
You're not gonna make me look like an asshole, are you?

DIANE: I don't know, are you an asshole?

BOJACK: Okay, full truth, here we go.
You want to know about my parents? They drank a lot. My father was a failed novelist. My mother was the heiress to the Sugarman sugar cubes fortune, and my dad resented her for it. He used to make me cry with him while listening to Cole Porter records. He made me build my own tree house, and then he tore it down while I was at summer camp because instead of hearty, Christian nails, I used screws, which he called fancy Jew nails. Like I said, totally normal.

BOJACK: Who wants chocolate chip pancakes?
Hey, where's Sabrina?
Why don't you guys leave this one to me? Why aren't you dressed for school, prickly muffin?
Sabrina, nobody's popping on my watch. You stick with me, and I promise you, everything's gonna be just fine.
What? I'll be in my trailer. Nah, I'm just horsin' around. You folks enjoying the show? And how about Sara Lynn as Sabrina? Isn't she wonderful? Sarah Lynn. You remember that name. Hey, you see those people? Well, those boobs and jerk wads are the best friends you'll ever have. Without them, you're nothing.Remember that. Your family will never understand you, your lovers will leave you or try to change you, but your fans, you be good to them, and they'll be good to you. The most important thing is, you got to give the people what they want, even if it kills you, even if it empties you out until there's nothing left to empty. No matter what happens, no matter how much it hurts, you don't stop dancing, and you don't stop smiling, and you give those people what they want. Why aren't you dressed for school, prickly muffin?
Who could that be?

TODD: Who-o-o wants chocolate chip pancakes? I do! I do!

BOJACK: Why are you talking to me? 

TODD: I thought maybe if I said that, you'd make me chocolate chip pancakes. Oh, come on, buddy. It's a beautiful morning, the sun is shining, birds are chirping... Let's do something fun today.

BOJACK: Like what? 

TODD: Like a cannonball! Like a "buying you a new bed"? Wow, everything in this store is made out of old train tracks and a reclaimed pier.

BOJACK: Oh, great, for ten grand, I can sleep like a hobo.

TODD: Do we need letter openers made out of Confederate bayonets? It says they're stained with authentic Yankee blood.

BOJACK: Yeah, it's me, straight off your TV screens and into your shitty lives. Huh? What the...? Uh...

BOJACK: Um, hi. Sarah Lynn, hi.

TODD: Damn! 

BOJACK: And then she took a dump on a sofa made out of a reclaimed propeller. 

DIANE: Where's Sarah Lynn now?

BOJACK: I checked her into Promises. 28 days, she'll be good as new.

DIANE: How did it feel to check the girl you raised on television into rehab?

BOJACK: It was tough. I would have liked to reconnect with her. At least we got to bond a
little on the drive to Malibu.

TODD: Oh, whoa! She is losing a lot of blood, BoJack.

BOJACK: Beautiful day for a drive, though, huh?

DIANE: Well, maybe the two of you can catch up some more when she gets out of rehab.

BOJACK: People don't usually want to hang out with me after rehab. I'm really more of a before-rehab friend.
I think it's gonna be a long time before I see Sarah Lynn again. Who could that be?

BOJACK: Oh, great, well, that's a relief. Uh, should you be taking all those pills? Your doctor or just a doctor?Yeah, I don't think that was... Uh, are you supposed to be snorting it like that? Okay, so before we put to bed the whole you going to rehab thing... Sarah Lynn, I hear what you're saying, and I think I know what you need. You just need a strong, responsible adult to say: "Yes. Yes, you can move in with me." This is gonna be fun. Hey, everyone,
the old gang's getting back together. Three little orphans. One, two, three. Who-o-o wants
chocolate chip pancakes?

TODD: Uh, what's going on in here?

BOJACK: Morning, sleepy-pooh, you want pancakes?

TODD: Yeah, that sounds great.

BOJACK: Ooh, tough break, champ. I just gave the last one to Sarah Lynn. Early bird gets the worm.
Wha... "Early turd gets the
sperm," nice one, Sarah Lynn. You should do a Shouts and Murmurs. Help yourself to some cold wheat bran, sport.

TODD: Ugh.

BOJACK: The guest room is yours as long as you want.

TODD: You have a guest room? Why have I been sleeping on the couch for five years?

BOJACK: You'll get the guest room when you've earned the guest room.

TODD: Andrew Garfield loves lasagna?
Uh, that somebody was you, right?

BOJACK: Honey, do you really think going to the mall's a good idea? I seem to recall another time you went shopping when things got pretty out of control.

TODD: Oh. Really? Not the time when she gored herself with a bayonet and shat on a floor model?

TODD: Andrew Garfield hates Mondays and loves lasagna?

BOJACK: She said drop it, Todd!

TODD: Whatever,

BOJACK: Muffin, I've got to work on my book today, and I can't have a bunch of folks over
making a lot of noise. No, no, no, no, no. Sweetheart. Sweetheart. Honey, of course your friends
are always welcome here.

TODD: Can I invite a frien...

BOJACK:  No.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You let that basket case into your house? That girl is a PR hurricane that you don't need right now.

BOJACK: She has nowhere else to turn. She broke up with her boyfriend. She stabbed herself and closed
the wound with duct tape. She fired her agent.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Back it up, horsey. Did you say Sarah Lynn doesn't have an agent? Laura, hold my calls, cancel everything! Ahab's got a white whale to catch, baby!

BOJACK: Uh, hello? Still there?

TODD: Oh, th... that's...  that's fragile. Uh, no, oh, no, wait. Careful. Careful. Careful. Whoa! Hey, hey, hey! Ah! Lemur!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hi, what it is, banana bread?  Oh, whoa, whoa. Who says I'm looking for a new client? Slow your roll, Speed Racer. We're just two single ladies having a no-presh rap sesh. I'm not one of those agents who can't turn it off. Your Ari Emanuels and Vanessa Geckos and what have you. Is she? I've heard that.

DIANE: I didn't realize you were so into house music. 

BOJACK: Look, I asked her to turn it down, but apparently, this volume was prescribed by Dr. Who
to treat something called "uptight dickhead disease." What do you... What do you think about Sarah Lynn?

DIANE:  Oh, I don't really think about her all that much. I mean, obviously, I'm
a fan of her early work which both satirized and celebrated youth culture's obsession with sex, but I do
wonder as a third-wave feminist if it's even possible for women to reclaim their sexuality in this deeply entrenched patriarchal society, or if claiming to do so is just a lie we tell ourselves so we can more comfortably
cater to the male gaze.

BOJACK: Uh, what?

DIANE: But you know, on the other hand, I worry that conversations like this one often dismiss her as a mere
puppet of the industry...

BOJACK: That's my same worry.

DIANE: Incapable of engaging in these discussions herself...

BOJACK: Obviously.

DIANE: And infantilization, which is itself a product of the deeply misogynistic...

BOJACK: So deep.

DIANE: Society we live in. But like I said, I don't really think about her all that much.

BOJACK: Okay, well, that is very interesting, but I was more asking, like, what do you think about her living here?

DIANE: Oh, right. Well, what was your relationship like with her when you were working on the show?

BOJACK: It was very good, very professional. Oh, it's no problem. All right, take it sleazy, everybody. I don't know. I'll probably just go to the amusement park, maybe the circus, fly a kite on the beach, watch the sunset, then I'll head back to my place to watch any number of Disney princess movies while eating ice cream
straight from the tub. Yeah, like I want to spend my weekend hanging out with a little girl. Good one! You should write for the Shouts and Murmurs. See you Monday!

DIANE: So the makeup they were putting on you was not for the show, it was just for the weekend?

BOJACK: Why does that matter?

DIANE: I'm just trying to understand the story. Do you think it's possible that you inviting Sarah Lynn
into your house now is your way of compensating for not...

BOJACK: No, Diane, I'm just helping out a friend. I'm not trying to play out some weird, sick dad fantasy, or resolve a deep guilt for past neglect, or even try to retroactively fix my own childhood by recreating someone else's, and I'm especially not doing all those things at once!

DIANE: Okay.

BOJACK: What happened? Did somebody hurt my precious baby? Sarah Lynn! Ah! What the...? No, that's not cool.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oof. Way to harsh the vibe, Kissinger.

BOJACK: I always loved that catch phrase. Can your friends at least take the artwork off the wall first? Okay, good talk.

TODD: Wha... Are you serious? The reason I have called this house meeting is...

BOJACK: Todd, how many times have we been over this? You don't have the authority to call house meetings. Only I can call a house meeting. You can propose a house meeting. All right, fine, fine, fine, but the reason I propose this house meeting...

BOJACK: Your proposal has been submitted and is under board review. Proposal denied.

TODD: BoJack, this Sarah Lynn thing is getting out of control, okay? She's taking advantage of you.

BOJACK: What? No she's not. We have a special relationship. You couldn't possibly understand.

TODD: Oh, my God. Look at what she's done to your house. All right, look, I mean, I stepped on a needle earlier.
I think I'm addicted to heroin now, so now, that's probably gonna be a whole thing.

DIANE: I have to say, I agree with Todd. You're not this girl's father, and you're not doing her any favors by refusing to set boundaries.

BOJACK: Look, I played a dad for nine years on TV, so I think I know a little bit more about parenting than you two jokers. The kids on Horsin' Around didn't need boundaries. All they needed was some good, old-fashioned love.

TODD: BoJack! This is not a TV show, okay? This is real life.

BOJACK: Some good, old-fashioned love, and I'm gonna give it to her. I'm gonna give it to her so... hard.

TODD: You know, I feel like we don't ever hang out.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Here you are, milady, a gin and nutmeg just like you asked. Well, you know what
would taste even better? An endorsement for a Slovakian yogurt. Could Vanessa Gecko get you that? Well, I've got a table at the Comedy Central roast of Gloria Stein...

BOJACK: Hey, Sarah Lynn, what say we spend the day together, just you and me, away from all the haters? Great, let's go. You know, Sarah Lynn, I got a feeling everything's gonna be okay. What? Herb Kazaz has cancer? Well, that's horrible. Why would you tell me that now? No, Herb and I aren't on the best... Look, I'm trying to have
a moment here. I can't... Hey, I want to give you something. It's the most prestigious award I ever won. I always thought if I ever had kids of my own, I'd give it to them one day. I want you to have it. Shh. Just let the credits roll, let the credits roll. Special moment Exec Producer Garry Marshall Such a happy day "Sit, Ubu, sit."
"Good dog." "Arf." Yeah, okay, we're done. Hello?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack Horseman. Did you get rid of your old TV Guide award? This pawnshop on La Cienega was selling one with your name on it.

BOJACK: What? Wait, why were you at a pawnshop?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I just have a guy there who calls me whenever TV awards come in so I can buy 'em. I put my name on, it's like I won it myself! I have two Golden Globes and a People's Choice for Temple Grandin.

BOJACK: Sarah Lynn!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello? You still there?

BOJACK: Okay, party's over. Everybody out. Not you. You are in big trouble, young lady. I can't believe you pawned my award. Look, things have been tough for you, and I understand that. I know what you're going through right now. Hey, now. That is gross. You are way out of line! I'm not your dad, and you're not my child. We're just a man and a lady living in a house together, and we're both adults, and we're both a little drunk. Who lit my
ottoman on fire?

TODD: Seriously, you seriously don't know?

BOJACK: Yeah, you are bad, very bad!

TODD: Uh, what?

BOJACK: Your boob is a very impractical way to put out a fire.

TODD: What is happening?

BOJACK: I think you have a serious drug problem.

TODD: Guys, guys, what are you doing? Please don't do this. No, no. Why are you... This is a very bad idea.
Can I at least get my blanket... let me get my blanket out from under... Oh G... Oh, my God, my arm.
You got my arm. Ow! Ow! I'm in it now. Oh, God,
no! I'm a part of it. I still haven't regained the feeling in my fingers. That was the longest
two minutes of my life.

BOJACK: Um, I think it was a little longer than two minutes. It was longer than two minutes.

TODD: How do you not get that this is terrible?

BOJACK: Oh, you mean from a P.R. standpoint? Yeah, 'cause if this got out, oh, I would get flayed!

TODD: Oh, I'm done being the voice of reason. It's exhausting. I got to take an angry nap. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh.

BOJACK: I know. I know. She's taking advantage of me.

DIANE: Actually, it kind of feels like you're the one taking advantage of her. She's the one with substance abuse
problems and daddy issues.

BOJACK: Hey, we both have substance abuse problems and daddy issues.

DIANE: Yeah, but she came to you for help.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, notice how I've been ignoring you, playing hard to get? Only makes you want me more.

BOJACK: Sarah Lynn, get your coat. I'm taking you to rehab. No, it's not all right. This place isn't good for you. You need to go where you can get help, real help. I will always be there for you. These pages are shit.
You understand? Shit. I wouldn't wipe my ass with these pages. It would defeat the whole purpose of wiping my ass.
Uh-huh. You get me points on the back end? Well, I told you I'm not gonna do it unless I get points. Oh, they can't find any? Well, maybe they could suck some out of my dick! I'm on the phone. You're being very rude. Sarah Lynn, this is for your own good. You can't stay here anymore. Uh, well, you should not do that. Wh-What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No! No, no, no, no, no!
Laura, the dummy took the bait. Now for phase two.

TODD: Is she gone? Is it safe to come out?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Leak to the trades that Andrew Garfield's agent is taking meetings with his ex, get it all over town, wait an hour, then get me lunch with Andrew on the books for this weekend, someplace Italian.

BOJACK: I really blew it, didn't I? I mean, maybe you could have been a better role model when she was young, but also, she never really had a chance.

DIANE: This is what our celebrity culture does to people.

BOJACK: So what you're saying is:
Everything is society's fault, and we as individuals never need to take responsibility for anything?

DIANE: Uh, no. Not exactly.
I was just saying that...

BOJACK: Yeah. I like that. I didn't do anything wrong because I can't do anything wrong because we're all just
products of our environment, bouncing around like marbles in the game of Hungry Hungry Hippos that is our random and cruel universe.

DIANE: Wait, no, that's not even what I'm saying...

BOJACK: Yeah, It's not my fault. It's society. Everything is because of society!

DIANE: BoJack, that...

TODD: Dude, just let him have this.

BOJACK: Hooray! Everything is meaningless! Nothing I do has consequence!
And he says... he says, "Why the long face?" And I say, "Hey, buddy, I can't help it." You get that? Long face. Horses have long faces.
I am a horse, my face is long. You get it, right? Good, good. What about the Rock Hudson stuff? Felt like that flew over your heads.Did you get that? Okay, okay, it wasn't that funny. Uh, hey, guys, guys... Get cancer, jerk wad. But then who do I know if they got it? Why are you giving me advice?  Oh, I don't drink. BoJack Horseman. Oh, God! Goddamn it, Todd, clean up your shit.

TODD: What am I supposed to do, okay? You don't give me any closet space.

BOJACK: Not my problem. A better man than you once said, and I quote, "It's the responsibility
of little guys like you to be looking out for big shots like me."

TODD: Who said that?

BOJACK: I don't know, Jesus, Ghandi, Malcolm-Jamal Warner. Clean up your shit! Oh!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, BoJack, settle a bet. Are you a Zoe or a Zelda?

BOJACK: Don't know what that means.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I was talking to Wayne.

BOJACK: Who's Wayne?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wayne's writing an article about me for BuzzFeed. BuzzFeed? What'll they think of next?

DIANE: Fun fact: Wayne is also my ex-boyfriend.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Pretty cool, eh, BoJack? Diane's writing a book about you, Wayne's writing an article about me.
We're the same!

BOJACK: How could you think that that's the same? My book will be in libraries for hundreds of years. Your BuzzFeed article will be crammed
between an animated GIF of a cat falling asleep and a list of fun facts about Legally Blonde.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ha! Classic Zoe.

BOJACK: I still don't know what that means.

BOJACK: Do you mean his sitcom that coincidentally had the exact same premise as my sitcom?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Pretty smile, Zelly-belly. Why don't I keep the knife, Zo-bo? N-n-no?

TODD: So Zooey's a Zoe? What a crazy world.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So which one are you, BoJack?

BOJACK: I think I'm... above this.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Said the Zoe.

TODD: Well, I think I'm a Zelda.

BOJACK: Or maybe you're the third kind of person, whose only function is to drain the energy and life force from his host organism.

DIANE: Come on, BoJack.

TODD: Nah, he's right. I'm pretty much worthless.

BOJACK: See? You say something to someone enough times, and eventually, he internalizes it. The system works.

TODD:  I don't have a job, I
don't have any prospects. I probably won't ever finish the rock opera I'm working on.

BOJACK: What? Since when are you working on a rock opera? Oh, no. Why'd I ask that?

TODD: Basically, it's Tommy by
way of Cirque du Soleil set in space, with heavy erotic overtones,
and the gripping psychodrama of a thriller
with plenty of heart and more than a little humor.
I call it Newtopia Rising, Book 1: The Search for a New Utopia.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Book 1? You've got me thinking sequel here. 

TODD: Traveling on a spaceship. 

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I’m in.

BOJACK: I'm out.

TODD: So far away from home. To find a new and better place. A planet rich with loam.

BOJACK: Loam? "Rich with loam?"

TODD: Yeah, it's a kind of soil. These people are simple,
agricultural types.

BOJACK: On a spaceship?

TODD: We learned a lot.
And had some laughs. But they couldn't make us slaves. No! No, they couldn't
make us slaves. No! No, they could-n-n-n’t. Make u-u-u-us. One, two

BOJACK: ”Slaves." Just say "slaves."

TODD: Sla-a-a-a-a-a-aves. 

BOJACK: That was... and I don't say this lightly... worse than a hundred September 11ths.

TODD: Yeah, you're right.
This was stupid. I don't know what I was thinking. Well, guess I'll give up forever.

BOJACK: That's the spirit. Now, you have to understand
that as a port city, Liverpool had unique access to
all aspects of American culture, especially Blues music and its
unruly nephew, Rock and Roll.

DIANE: I thought this story was about
running into Paul McCartney in the bathroom at the Golden Globes.

BOJACK: It is. I thought you would
appreciate some context.

DIANE: Let's skip that one for a minute.
Tell me about Todd.

BOJACK: Todd? What's to tell?
Five years ago, he found his way into
one of my house parties and never left.

DIANE: And you've never asked
him anything about himself?

BOJACK: I’ve asked him to get a job,
I've asked him to move out.

DIANE: With a little encouragement,
I'll bet he could really flourish.
I mean, didn't you have
anyone who helped you
when you were just starting out?

BOJACK: Um, actually, no.

DIANE: Todd clearly thinks the world of you.

BOJACK: Todd thinks the world of Pop-Tarts.

DIANE: Look, I get that helping other
people is not your thing, but...

BOJACK: What? I let Todd live
rent-free in my stately manse.
I am his own personal Mother Teresa.

DIANE: But do you let him stay
here because you're kind
or just because you're
terrified of being alone?

BOJACK: That is insane!
I would love to be alone.
That is all I want.

DIANE: Mmm... if that were really true,
I don't think you'd be clipping
Todd's wings all the time.

BOJACK: What? That's unbelievable. Todd!

TODD: What? Clean up my shit?

BOJACK: Yes, but also, I would like to...
help you with your dumb-ass rock opera.

TODD: What?

BOJACK: I am... supporting you.

TODD: I-I don't understand.
Oh, my God, are you dying?

BOJACK: No. I... think you have
great depth of untapped
potential and I wish to
mentor you in your... art.

TODD: Really?

BOJACK: Yes.

TODD: Wait, is this going to be like that time
you promised to take me ice skating,
and I got really excited
about the ice skating,
but then instead of ice
skating, you left me at home
so you could go to the strip club
and then you took the
strippers ice skating?

BOJACK: No.

TODD: Then hooray!

BOJACK: Let's dig in. Where to start?
Okay, well, the headline is, I hate it.
I hate everything about it.
The premise is bad and
the execution is also bad.
It's an irredeemable jumble of shit.

TODD: Tough but fair.

DIANE: Ahem.

BOJACK: That said, I don't see why we can't
make something really great here.

TODD: Okay, thank you. I'll work on that.

BOJACK: Are you close?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No!

BOJACK: How 'bout now?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No!

BOJACK: Now?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're not even inside of me.

BOJACK: Oh, God! Did you get there?

TODD: Okay, so you know in the
second act closer when the
seekers of Newtopia are
in the Turbidians' dungeon
and they learn their ship has been destroyed?

BOJACK: No.

TODD: Well, what if we move
that to the fourth act?

BOJACK: I have no idea what you're talking
about, but that idea is terrible.

TODD: I hear the note.
Let me see what I can do. And that's why this planet Su-u-u-u-u-cks So?

BOJACK: How can I put this?
Imagine if the Holocaust happened
every four years like the Olympics.
I would rather that happened
than your rock opera.

TODD: That's not really a note.
In fact, none of your
notes have been notes.
I feel like you're not even listening.

BOJACK: Yeah, well, you know what?
Maybe I would listen
if the Turbidians had some reason
to enter the Cave of Swollen Dreams that
didn't break the pact
they made in act one with Queen Darneesa.

TODD: You have been listening.

BOJACK: This just doesn't make sense.
The Turbidians are a loyal people.
They... they wouldn't
betray their queen. Unless...

BOJACK: Well, don't just sit there!
Get this down! Oh, you like that. You like daddy's good stuff?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Not especially.

BOJACK: Did you get there?

TODD: Okay, what if there isn't a robot army?

BOJACK: I think you just blew this thing wide open.

TODD: We'll make this
our Newtopia-a-a 

BOJACK: Up a fifth 

TODD:  Ah 

BOJACK: Down a fifth 

TODD:  A-a-ah 

BOJACK: That was great!
This train is moving.
Let's take a break and get lunch.

TODD: Wait, you want to get lunch with me?

BOJACK: Yeah, that's right.

TODD: Is this like the time
you invited me to lunch,
but then, when I got to the restaurant,
you texted me to tell me you weren't coming
because you were at a strip
club "eating stripper" for lunch, and also, it was my birthday?

BOJACK: No.

TODD: Then hooray!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And that was a last time I
worked with David O. Russell.
What's that old expression?
"Fool me once, shame on
me, but fool me twice...
fiddle-dee-dee."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ooh, hold on.
I gotta take this. Erica, I don't have time to be charmed to death right now.

DIANE: Better question: How long does it
take to write a BuzzFeed article? 

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?!
Diane, Diane, Diane, Diane! Do you know what today is?

DIANE: Sunday?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's "burritos as big as your
head" day at El Taco Loco!
We gotta go right now!

DIANE: I thought we were going
to see the Diane Arbus show
at LACMA today. You
know I love Diane Arbus.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I see what's happening here.
Her name is Diane,
and your name is Diane.

DIANE: That's not what's happening.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? Oh, man, you guys are
perfect for each other. Why did you ever break up? Okay, less yakking, more snacking.
Let's go ride in the car!

BOJACK: You mean to tell me that for
a full year you were on the run
 from the Russian mafia?

TODD: Well, a Russian mafia.

BOJACK: I can't believe you never
told me any of this stuff.
I just thought you
were a dumb freeloader
who ate all my food and
played video games all day.

TODD: You should have seen me in high school. There was this one game, Decapathon.

BOJACK: I remember that game. I was up for Dr. Decapitator
in the movie version. They said they wanted someone hipper, but the part ended up
going to Robert Downey.

TODD: Junior?

BOJACK: If it was Junior,
I would have said, "Junior."

TODD: That game basically destroyed my life. I flunked out of school,
my girlfriend left me. I mean, I didn't stop playing until my mom threw me out of the house. I mean, that's when I
first realized, you know, I'm a total screw-up.

BOJACK: You're not a screw-up anymore, Todd.
You're about to have a hit
rock opera on your hands.

TODD: I’m really glad you think that. I got Princess Carolyn
to invite Virgil Van Cleef to our next rehearsal.

BOJACK: Who in the what Van?

TODD: Virgil Van Cleef is the
biggest name in rock opera.
Okay, think of all the great rock operas
from the last 20 years.

BOJACK: Okay.

TODD: He had a piece of all of them.

BOJACK: Wow, Todd, are you sure
we're ready for that?

TODD: Hey, you said yourself the train is moving,
but if you think we're not ready,
I mean, I'll listen to you.

BOJACK: Hey, you've done enough listening, buddy.
Maybe it's about time I start listening.

TODD: Well, I feel like...

BOJACK: Gotta take this. Hello?
Hello?
BoJack Horseman?
I am very happy with my current long distance provider, thank you.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm
having lunch with my friend.
All right, gang, when Virgil
Van Cleef gets here, look alive.
This could be Todd's big break,
so clap really hard and
laugh at all the jokes,
even if they're not funny,
but also, be careful,
because a lot of things
you might think are jokes
are not jokes,
so, you know, look out. That was not a joke.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That was not a real laugh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I hope you don't mind
I brought Wayne along.

BOJACK: Who's Wayne?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I just wanted to make sure
he had everything he needs
for the big BuzzFeed cover story.

BOJACK: BuzzFeed is a website.
There is no cover.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Eh, "tomato," "tomato."

BOJACK: It's "tomato," "to-mah-to."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You say, "tomato," "to-mah-to,"
I say, "tomato," "tomato."
Oh, hey, Diane, I got you something.

DIANE: Oh, plane tickets?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:  Yep, to San Francisco.
That's where the Arbus
exhibit is heading next.

DIANE: Oh, my God.
Thanks, Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: What you're about to
see is rough, very rough.
It's a vomit pass at what
might become a rock opera.
Right now, it's set mostly in space,
but we're not married to that.
Todd is neither a singer
nor a trained musician.
In fact, he never even
graduated high school,
he told me in confidence.
Keep all that in mind as
you give it up for Todd.

TODD: Okay, so we start in 1887
with a young Emma Goldman. No they couldn-n-n-n't
make u-u-u-us. Sla-a-a-a-a-aves 

BOJACK: I had the same note.

TODD: Six weeks? Uh, damn. Yeah, I guess so.

DIANE: You know, just when you think
you have a person pegged,
he can still find ways to surprise you.

BOJACK: Yeah, Todd really rose to
the occasion, didn't he?

DIANE: I was talking about you.

BOJACK: Ah, well, it was nothing.

DIANE: Maybe the Zoe has a little
Zelda in him after all.

BOJACK: I appreciate the sentiment,
but I still think that game is stupid.

TODD: Hey, BoJack, do you
realize what this means?
I mean, if this thing's a
hit, I could finally move out.

BOJACK: Oh, uh, you're gonna move out?

TODD: You won't have to yell, "Hey,
Todd, clean up your shit!"
Or, "Todd, why haven't you
cleaned up your shit yet?"
Or, "Todd, what was the name of
that guy from Perfect Strangers?
Not Bronson Pinchot,
but the other one?"

BOJACK: Good, that's great.
That's great and good.
So good, so great. Just great, and also good.

TODD: Mm-hmm.

BOJACK: This is all just happening so fast.
Todd is ready for this.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Todd's not ready or you're not ready?

BOJACK: Don't make this about me.
I've seen what happens
when baby birds get pushed
out of the nest too soon.
It's not your fault.
It's not... your... fault.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're right. In these heady times,
what Todd needs is an agent.
Todd can do it!
Todd can do anything!
Can I get your autograph?

TODD: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: And another autograph,
and initial here, here, here, and here.

TODD: Right here?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: And the last four digits of your social.

TODD: Okay.
So I think the big third
act number Virgil wants might be a big anthem that...

BOJACK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy, buddy,
I'm not gonna let you start
on this until we stock up
on snacks and Red Bull.

TODD: I do get snacky.
You think of everything.
Sure thing, lady.
Oh, my God. Decapathon VII?
This just came out.

BOJACK: Todd, put it down.

TODD: Is this really only a dime?

BOJACK: Todd, this is no time for a relapse.

TODD: Look, okay, I'll buy it
now, but I won't play it
till after I've written the new song.

BOJACK: Todd, this is a bad idea!

TODD: Whoa!
Okay, let's see here.
I wonder if it still smells the same.

BOJACK: I assure you, it still smells
like cheap plastic and child labor.

TODD: Okay, here we go. Song time.
Or should I just play one game now,
just to get the creative juices flowing?

BOJACK: We both know that if you
play that game tonight, you'll never leave this couch!

TODD: Ah, no, you're right, of course. Thank you.

BOJACK: Good night.

TODD: Come on, Decapathon, come on. Oh, come on, Decapathon. Oh.

BOJACK: Damn it, Todd, the investor
showcase is in half an hour. Did you work on the song?

TODD: Huh?

BOJACK: Pull yourself together, man!

TODD: Ugh! Why did the water have
to come out of your mouth?

BOJACK: Wait! Give the kid a chance, Van Cleef.

TODD: Loam, loam, loam. And a... uh, little
room to, uh, roam. And on this planet
It's our home. In space. Loam.

BOJACK: Hey, Van Cleef, Todd may not be ready
for the high-flying world of rock opera
or the larger world outside
of my living room couch,
but you know what?
He's a good friend.
No, of course you don't.
Maybe Todd's worse off today,
but you're worse off in
the long run, because you're
gonna die alone and unloved,
you pompous, affected asshole!

TODD: Hey, maybe don't burn the bridge. I could still beg for a second chance.

BOJACK: Shut your mouth, Todd. And you shut yours, Van Cleef,
or I will buck it shut. Suck a dick, dumb shits! Oh, that damn video game.

TODD: No, it's not the video game's fault.
I blew it.
For a second, I actually convinced myself
I was more than just a worthless screw-up.
Fool me once, fool me twice,
fool me chicken soup with rice.

BOJACK: I guess there's a reason they
don't call it "the rock opera fun."
They call it "the rock opera business."

TODD: Guess I won't be needing
this piece of junk anymore.

BOJACK: Hey, no. Hold on to that.
Why don't you just put it
in the living room closet?

TODD: Really?

BOJACK: In fact, from now on,
you can keep all your stuff
in the living room closet.

TODD: Thanks, BoJack, for everything.
BOJACK: This, I will get rid of.

DIANE: What the... Are these the notes
you've been taking on
Mr. Peanutbutter? It's gibberish!
Have you just been mashing
keys this whole time?
What's really going on here?
No, I've dated you.
Sure, you're smart and
sophisticated and cool,
but you're also mean.
What's your article on
Mr. Peanutbutter called?
 I knew it!
I'm not "tearing him apart."
I'm writing a nuanced
portrait of a complicated man.
Mr. Peanutbutter is nice to me!
He's kind and he's generous
and he's loyal.
Don't label me.
You don't know who I am.

BOJACK: Yeah, I bought this earlier,
and I'd like to return it.
I don't know where the receipt went.
Thanks for your help, character
actress Margo Martindale.
I don't know what you're talking about.
This never happened.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I like that guy.
BOJACK: Oh, is it this guy?
Never travel without it.
It's not his fault.
He's just doing his job.
This is Pappy Van Winkle, friend.
Do you know how old this bourbon is?
If this was a person,
I would've stopped having
sex with it a year ago.
Do you know who I am?
I'm actually a huge celebrity
on my way to New York
for an important meeting
with a book publisher,
who wants to publish a book
about me because I am famous.
Fine, you want me to dance?
I'll dance.
Give me ten seconds, Diane.
This guy's being a total fascist.
Diane? Diane?

DIANE: Over here, BoJack.

BOJACK: How'd you get through so fast?

DIANE: I followed the basic
requirements for air travel
that have been in place for over a decade.

BOJACK: Ugh, weird.
Really?
You've never heard of my TV show?
You know very well who I am.
And now if you'll excuse
me, I'm going to New York.
Oh, you know what?
Could be this.
Relax, it's a lighter.
How much lighter fluid
can I take on the plane?
And before you answer,
remember, I'm a celebrity.
Always nice to get a change of
scenery am I right?
It's great. I'm pumping out
heartfelt anecdotes and witty
observations left and right, and
this one is spinning it all into gold.

DIANE: Excuse me. Hello?

BOJACK: Hurry back, superstar.
I don't think Diane's working out.
She's too good.
I don't know if Diane is
damaged enough to tell my story.
She's so... functional.
All right.

DIANE: Uh-huh?
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Got it. Sorry I took so long.

BOJACK: Who was that? The library?
Thanking you for never
returning a book late?

DIANE: That was my brother Tommy.
My dad just died.

BOJACK: Oh, my God.

DIANE: Did we talk about firming
up the release date?
I was thinking late September.

BOJACK: I am so sorry.

DIANE: It's fine, he was old and also the worst.
Not a problem.
I just got to swing by Boston
and give my condolences real quick.
BoJack can come with me.
We'll get some work done
while we're there, and then
that way the whole trip won't
be a total waste of time.

TODD: Todd bless these scrambled eggs. Eggs from the fridge.
Sunny side them
And guide them

BOJACK: Todd, stop singing
your dumb scrambled eggs song.

TODD: Who said that?

BOJACK: If you're wondering who said that,
it's this note that you're reading.
You're hearing my voice in your head,
because that's how reading works.

TODD: Oh, yeah.

BOJACK: As you might've noticed,
Todd, I've left you home alone
for the day, and frankly, I
already regret that decision.
Here's what you need to do. Nothing.
Don't touch my stuff,
and don't make a mess.
Pick me up at the airport tomorrow,
and until then, don't do anything.

TODD: Well, seal's broken.
Might as well enjoy myself.
Whee!
Cheers to bath time.
Great story, Todd. I love our friendship.
Here we go!
The great Toddini!
Sorry, dudes, you got the wrong house.
What? 50 bucks?
In that case, come on in, friends.
Some guy named David Boreanaz lives here.

BOJACK: Hey, so listen,
I really want to be here
for you in your time of need,
but I'm not really good
with funerals or death
or families or feelings or people.

DIANE: Don't worry. You can wait in the car.
It's probably better you
don't meet my brothers.
They're narrow-minded,
mean-spirited dirtbags.

BOJACK: I wish I had brothers growing up.
Touch football on the weekends,
noogie parades on the reg.
Life as an only child
can get pretty lonely.
Daddy, do you want to
meet my imaginary friend?
Okay, Daddy.

DIANE: Yeah, well, I was pretty
lonely, too. My family made my
life miserable, and then they
never forgave me for leaving.

BOJACK: So, what, you're like the black sheep?

DIANE: No, Gary's the black sheep.
He's adopted.
I'm just the member of
the family nobody likes.
And my dad was the worst of them all.

BOJACK: You told me that you
and your father used to
sit on the roof and look
at the stars together.

DIANE: Oh, yeah, I was just trying
to get you to open up,
so I used an old writer's
trick called "me lying to you."

BOJACK: Oh, yeah?
Well, I'm using an old me trick
called "that hurts my feelings."

DIANE: And the truth is, I used to
sit alone on the hill out by the
dump and dream of waking up as
Chelsea Clinton, but with my hair.

BOJACK: You do have great hair.

DIANE: I know.
That's us.
I'll just pop in for a quick hi and bye.
Then we'll be on our way.
Ten minutes, swear to God.
You can play with this kaleidoscope
I got you at the airport.

BOJACK: What? A kaleidoscope?
I'm not five...
Shapes and colors the likes
of which I've never seen.

DIANE: Hello.
Marty, it's a game from '86.
You've seen it a hundred times.
100 times.
Gary, Marty, I just got home.
Look, I'm just here to
offer my condolences.
Come on, Ma.
It's the '86 World Series.
They lose.
Well, this was clearly a huge mistake.
Why not? Ma doesn't want me here.
Fine, I'll help.
Is there a number for me to call?
Oh, my God. Is that dad?
Did someone draw balls on his forehead?

TODD: Welcome to the
home of David Boreanaz,
famous from television shows
such as dramas on networks.
That will be $50 please.
Oh, no, no, no, I'll handle
that. Why don't you just
go look through David Boreanaz's
underwear drawer, okay?
It's in his bedroom.

BOJACK: Hey, what do
you think you're doing?

TODD: Uh-oh, am I reading something again?

BOJACK: No, this is your conscience.
BoJack trusted you to
take care of his house.
Is this really... What are you doing?

TODD: It's a great day on Todd's phone.
How can I help you?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you trying to cut me out
of this David Boreanaz deal?

TODD: I'm your agent, damn it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How'd you find out about Boreanaz House?
Don't worry, I'm not just gonna sit here
batting a ball of yarn around
while you do the real work.
I want to take your
project to the next level.
We need to go bigger.
Have you thought about attaching
Mila Kunis to this thing?

TODD: Attach her? How?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You do your job. I'll do mine.

TODD: Who is this?

BOJACK: Ah, out of combinations.
Now I'm bored.
Diaaaaane!

DIANE: I'm just saying Marty could lend a hand
instead of sitting on the
couch watching the game all day.
He didn't get into B.C.
What do you... We're immigrants.
We're Vietnamese?
And that's the same crap you always pull...

BOJACK: Excuse me.
Yes, hello, I'm looking for Diane.
Does anyone here speak English?
Again, does anyone here speak English?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Boreanaz house.
Seventy-five each.
Children and seniors free.

TODD: Please stay behind
the ropes and keep your
hands and belongings on
your person at all times.
Next we'll head to the kitchen where...
Is that Mila Kunis?
Note the letters B.H. on
all hand towels and linens.
That stands for "Boreanaz House."

DIANE: Yeah, do you pick up bodies?
Is that a service you provide?
Corpse removal?

BOJACK: Well, one time at Bristol Farms,
Ben Affleck and I did reach
for the same bunch of grapes.

DIANE: Oh!

BOJACK: Hey, I don't suppose
you boys would have any
interest in maybe playing
some touch football later?
What's that?

DIANE: No, we don't need to revisit that.
Guys, I really would rather not discuss it.

BOJACK: What? That is amazing. Now that's a good prank

DIANE: I was humiliated.

BOJACK: Yeah, you wouldn't get it.
It's a brothers thing, right, brothers?

DIANE: Yep, my therapist thinks the same thing.
I'm gonna go meet with
the funeral director.
Any of you boys want to come?
Fine, none of you have to go.
I'll take care of everything.
Come on, BoJack.

BOJACK: Boys, you have stolen my heart
like Dave Roberts stole second base.
I must go now, but I'll see
you all at the funeral, okay?
And when I do, you're all getting noogies.

TODD: And now, a very special treat
just for our platinum members.
Let's take a peek at the slumbering
Mr. Boreanaz himself.
And thus concludes our tour.
Have a Boreanderful day.

DIANE: Well, he was a mean, sadistic
alcoholic, who never supported
anything I did and actively
delighted in seeing me fail.
That would be too good for my father.
Yeah, that's the one.

BOJACK: Hey, can I suggest something?
You might want to loosen up a little.
I think you could actually
learn a thing or two
from your brothers.

DIANE: Are you kidding?
If I was like my brothers,
nothing would ever get done.

BOJACK: I'm just saying, if you
can't find a way to let off
some steam you're going to explode.
God damn it!
Are you god damn kidding me?
I keep getting calls
from this unlisted number.
Ignore. Who are these assholes?

DIANE: Why don't you just answer,
and then you'll know?

BOJACK: Oh, they'd just love that, wouldn't they?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, let's keep these lines moving, huh?
You want to stop and chat, you gotta
pay for the extended stay ticket.

TODD: Ah, so much, so much, so much.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Another five Gs, T-Bag,
and we are in the pink.

TODD: I don't know, Princess Carolyn.
I ran out of shoeboxes for the money,
and the books aren't adding up.
Plus the men's lav needs
to be serviced, and I had to
fire Janine in the gift shop
for stealing Boreabble heads.
I mean, how did I end up
with all this responsibility?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, I'm not screwing
around here, small fry.
You better make those numbers sing.

TODD: I don't think these offshore
banks we've been using
are 100% legal.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, well, my mother told
me never to slap an idiot.

TODD: What? Ow!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Now we're both breaking the rules.
You listen, and you listen
good. I've gotten used to
a certain lifestyle since
Boreanaz House went public,
and I'm not going back to the old way.
Mommy likes her shoes, see?
And her pearls.

TODD: Oh, I'm in too deep.
I don't know what to do.

BOJACK: I'll tell you what you should do.

TODD: Who said that?

BOJACK: It's me, David Boreanaz.

TODD: Is that what David Boreanaz sounds like?

BOJACK: Uh, sure.
Let me give you some advice.
As we say on my show...
I want to say, New Girl?...
just keep doing what you're
doing, and you'll be fine.

TODD: Wow, thanks, Davie B.

BOJACK: Never call me that!

DIANE: Unbelievable.

BOJACK: It's 4:00. I don't think anyone's coming.

DIANE: Unbe-goddamn-lievable!
All those jerk wads had to do was show up,
and they couldn't even do that!
Where's the body even?
Hey, assholes! Where were you?
I planned the whole funeral,
like you asked me to,
and nobody showed.
Wait, what? Where is Dad?
You chummed Dad?
Let me get this straight.
So instead of coming to the funeral
that I paid for and
spent all day organizing,
you had Dad's body ground into chum,
so you could throw his
mushy remains on Derek Jeter?
Tommy, you begged me to stay and help.
I don't think I'm too good for my home.

BOJACK: Yeah, guys, you got it all wrong.
Diane isn't a big-shot.
She's my ghostwriter.
She's writing a book that's not
even gonna have her name on it.
You think this is how she expected
her life would be going at 34?
She lives with her rich
boyfriend and doesn't pay rent.
She's not too good for anything.
BoJack helping?
Whoa.

DIANE: This is why I told you to wait in the car!

DIANE: Suck a dick, dumb shits!

BOJACK: So what we're gonna do is nothing?
Does anyone know where
she might have gone?
I think I know where she went.
I don't know, Diane was pretty upset,
and she's got your dad.
I... Really?
Ah, um...

TODD: Oh, this isn't looking
good, Princess Carolyn.
What are we gonna do?

PRINCESS CAROLYN:What do you mean, we? Princess Carolyn always lands on her feet.
Ha!

TODD: Um, would you like a Boreabble head?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The amazing thing is, the house
looks just like BoJack's house.
They must have the same architect.
Anyway, how are things with you?

DIANE: Not good.
I should've known it was a
waste of time to come back here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, that's awful.
Well, when you get back,
I'll give you one of my
patented Peanutbutter hugs.
Crunchy and creamy.
You know that patent wasn't
approved, but I'll take it.

DIANE: I have to go. BoJack's here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack, well, what's he doing...?

BOJACK: Hey.
Sorry I said all that stuff about you.

DIANE: It's all true, isn't it?

BOJACK: I found this letter back at the bar.
I think it's for you.
Look, just read it.
I think you'll like it.

DIANE: "Dear Diane, it's me, your old pen pal Leo.
This definitely isn't BoJack
Horseman writing this."

BOJACK: Keep reading.

DIANE: "You're a good person, Diane,
and that's the most important thing.
Even if no one appreciates you,
it's important that you
don't stop being good.
I like how you always bring your
own bags to the grocery store,
and how you're always
organized to go places.
I like how you chew gum on the
airplane so your ears will pop.
A lot of people might not
appreciate that about you,
but I do.
Yours forever, Leo."
That's the best letter he ever wrote me.

BOJACK: Look, take it from someone
with his own shitty parents,
family is a sinkhole,
and you were right to get
out when you had the chance.

DIANE: The stupid thing is,
even now I still just want
them to be proud of me
and think I did good.
Is that really stupid?

BOJACK: Yep.

DIANE: No, it isn't.

BOJACK: Yeah, it is. You want those guys to be proud of you?

DIANE: I guess I was just hoping to
get some modicum of closure.

BOJACK: Closure is a made up thing
by Steven Spielberg to sell movie tickets.
It, like true love and the Munich Olympics,
doesn't exist in the real world.
The only thing to do now is
just to keep living forward.

DIANE: Yeah, but every time
I come back here they...

BOJACK: So don't come back here.
What's great about Los Angeles
is nobody cares about where
you're from or who you are.
It's a superficial town
where you can worry about stupid shit
like keeping your pool clean,
and what artisanal nuts
to put on your salad.

DIANE: I do like salad.

BOJACK: Oh, it's the best.
Why do you think people keep moving there? 

DIANE: Thanks, BoJack.

BOJACK: The good news is, your dad
can't hurt anyone ever again.
Uh-oh. Um, I'll meet you inside.
I have to make a call.

DIANE: Okay.

BOJACK: Hey, Herb, look, I think we
have some unfinished business.
It seems like life's
too short to hold grudges
and stuff like that,
you know what I'm saying?
About life being too short?
Well, of course you know what I'm saying.
You're the one with terminal...
I feel like I'm doing all the talking here.
So anyway, I thought maybe we could chat.
Why don't you give me a call, okay?
Um... so smell you later?
This is BoJack. Horseman.
Obviously.

TODD: Come on, BoJack.
Pick up, pick up.
I'm sure he'll pick up.

BOJACK: It's BoJack. You know what to do.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, uh, it's a pet name.
I don't have actual honey.
Diane!

DIANE: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter. 

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack Horseman!Put her there!

BOJACK: That's all right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm gonna get that handshake.

BOJACK: No, you're not.

DIANE: Since when am I Honey?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Since now.
I made up the nickname
while you were back east.

BOJACK: Yeah, really? You made
up calling someone honey?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, I do believe so. Yes.

DIANE: Hey, why don't we give BoJack a ride?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's okay. Todd's supposed to pick me up.
Where is he?
Probably just forgot, the lazy bum.
Hey, I'll take the ride as
long as it's not as bumpy
as that pilot's landing.

DIANE: That was seriously very scary.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey...

DIANE: I'm just glad you were there,
because I really would
have freaked out by myself.
Be stiller, my beating heart.

DIANE: Stiller crazy after all these years.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Did I miss something funny?
I love funny somethings.

DIANE: No, we were just laughing
about this Ben Stiller
article from the plane.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ooh, he is the best.
What did it say?

BOJACK: You wouldn't get it.
Either you read Hemisphere's
Magazine, or you don't.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, I might be crazy, because
this is such a dumb question,
and I'm embarrassed to even ask,
but do I have anything to
worry about with you and Diane?

BOJACK: What? What?
Get out of here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I got to say, BoJack,
that is a relief.
Ho-ho! Whoo!

BOJACK: Hey, do you guys want to grab dinner?
Or at least some road sodas,
so I don't have to go through the ordeal
of sobering up and then having
to get drunk all over again?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I actually already made special plans
for just the two of us.

DIANE: Oh, come on.
You're the one who's always saying
you want to hang out with BoJack more,
and how it's weird that BoJack
never returns your calls,
and how I should hang up the phone
because maybe BoJack's
trying to call you right now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, okay.
I guess we can make this work.
Oh.

BOJACK: Oh, man. Remember that guy in 34-B?

DIANE: Do I? Can't stop remembering him.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, hey. Diane and I have memories, too.
This place reminds me of
a cliff side meal we had
one romantic vacay to Cabo.

BOJACK: Boring. I wasn't there.
Can we keep this general interests?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, here's to a meal we're all here for.

DIANE: Oh, oh. Ew.
There's something in my food.

BOJACK: Ah, crap. Someone get the manager.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, no, no. Wait.
It's supposed to be in
there. Welcome home, honey.
I got you a D pendant,
because I am D-pendant on you.

DIANE: Thank you.

BOJACK: Yeah. Real... Real cute.
A D for dog.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's for Diane.

DIANE: This is the sweetest choking
hazard anyone's ever given me.

BOJACK: Well, how about some
champagne for the happy couple.
Waiter, get me a bottle of Dom
to keep with the trend of sweet D gifts.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You're too kind,
but everyone knows you go
off menu for the good stuff.
Yes, get me your most
expensive bottle from the back.
Perhaps a 1922-ISH Heidsieck Diamant Bleu?

BOJACK: A toast on me to Diane
and Mr. Peanutbutter.
I'd like a round of drinks for everyone.
Off the menu, of course.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack, folks. What a sport.
And while we're all in giving moods,
I'd like to buy you all
an Xbox, courtesy of me.

DIANE: Wow. You guys don't have to do this.
Look, I could happily
go down this petty road
of raising and re-raising one another.
But I'd instead like to highlight the fact
that Mr. Peanutbutter's
ripping off my toast
the same way he ripped
off my entire career.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. Well, here's
something I didn't rip off.
This brand new helicopter I just bought.
Whoo-whoo! Who wants
a ride in the chopper?

DIANE: Okay, guys. This has been fun,
and also an offensive
display of extravagant wealth,
but maybe we should call it a night.

BOJACK: What's the rush?
Because I just bought the restaurant,
and we can stay as long as we want.
Hey, you. I own you now.
Do a dance.

TODD: Oops.
Oh, no. Hey, sorry, bud.
It's all yours.
I love being clean. That's so coincidental.
I'm Todd.
When you say "the gang,"
do you mean a gang?
Never thought I'd say this,
but you put a pretty good spin on Nazis.
Until then, take my card.
Whoa. Uh, where were you keeping that card?

DIANE: Guys, can we give this thing a rest?

BOJACK: Rest? Why rest? I'm not tired.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm twice as not tired.
Or D, sex and candy?

TODD: BoJack!

BOJACK: Todd, where the hell have you been?
I had to carpool home from the airport
like a goddamn environmentalist.

TODD: I'm sorry, but I'm in jail, dude.

BOJACK: Well, you called the right
person, because I need your help
and you're my phone-a-friend.
Marie Curie won Nobel
prizes in which two sciences?
A, chemistry and physics.
B, biology and physics...

TODD: Oh, B! The answer's B!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's A!

BOJACK: Damn it, Todd!
This was life or death.

TODD: Same with me. The bail's set at 50 bucks.
I'll be here wai...

BOJACK: Yes! I am the champion of the games!
Did you see that, Diane?
Diane?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You win, old friend.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I'm going to take my girlfriend to bed.

DIANE: We're still out?
Night, BoJack.

BOJACK: Good night, Diane.
Give me a bottle of something
to help me forget my problems.
Ooh, maybe not that strong.
What is this, breakfast?
Yeah, that's about right.

BOJACK: Holly-what?
Weird.
Weirder.
Why the hell would I steal a giant D?

DIANE: Ding-dong! It's Diane.

BOJACK: D... D... Damn!
Hey, D-voted memoirist.
I can't work on the book
today. Too ill. Cough.

DIANE: Are you ill, or hung-over?
Because instead of coughing
you just said the word cough.
Plus you left me a long,
drunken voice-mail last night.

BOJACK: Ooh, was it bad?

DIANE: It was mostly a lot of wheezing,
as if you were climbing something,
followed by the sounds
of dismantling metal,
and then grunting like you
were dragging something heavy
at least a few miles.

BOJACK: I didn't say anything incriminating, did I?

DIANE: As incriminating as that question? No.

BOJACK: Good. Well, just as a general rule,
you probably shouldn't be listening
to any voicemails I leave after...
What time do I start drinking?

DIANE: Noon?

BOJACK: Yup. See you later.

DIANE: But we had an appointment.

BOJACK: What's that? An actor
flaking on an obligation? Welcome to Hollywood.

DIANE: I think you mean Hollywoo.
Did you see? Someone
stole the D off the sign.

BOJACK: Cough, cough, cough, cough, cough.
Cough, cough, cough, cough, door slam.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is it, BoJack?
You know, I'm tied up
with all my Deans today.
Kane, Norris, Winters, and Koontz,
all being questioned by police.

BOJACK: It was me. I stole the D.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

BOJACK: Now be a good agent
and make this not my problem.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How did you even...?
You know, your scandal-to-work
ratio is, like, five to one.

BOJACK: Look, I need to get rid of
this before Diane sees it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why do you care if Dia... Oh, fish.
Are you in love with your biographer?

BOJACK: What? What? Get out of here.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You stole the D for Diane. Unbelievable.

BOJACK: Yeah, I don't know. The
D might be for David,
because apparently when I was drunk,
I printed out a bunch of
pictures of David Boreanaz.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah. You did that.
Look, I'll keep your little
crush busy long enough
for you to get rid of the contraband,
but the next three weddings I'm invited to,
you're my date, dummy.

BOJACK: Since when to women your
age get invited to weddings?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I have a lot of nieces and nephews!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, you pulled it off,
you deviant.
Get it? D-viant?

BOJACK: I got it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Tell me,
how are you gonna complete
your giant bracelet?
With the chain-link fence
from Dodger's Stadium?

BOJACK: No. How'd you figure out it was me?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, how did I figure it out?
Well, I just followed the clues,
used deduction, puzzle-solving,
a little bit of forensics,
and also, what did I do?
Oh, I listened to the
voice-mail you left me
saying you were stealing
the D because of Diane
so I could, and I quote, "Suck your D."

BOJACK: Stop leaving voicemails!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Admit it! You like my girlfriend.

BOJACK: Oh, come on. I mean, am
I attracted to her? Sure.
Do my days feel better
when I'm around her? Yeah.
Does she get me in ways no
woman ever has? Indubitably.
Do I fantasize about her?
Yes, but only in two positions.
Look, am I the kind of
guy who would try to steal
someone else's girlfriend?
Sure, of course, but do I like her?
The answer's no. You have
nothing to worry about.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'll cut you a deal.
I help you get rid of that D,
and you never talk to Diane again.

BOJACK: Well, I have to talk to her,
because she's writing my book.
Okay, but just don't
pursue her romantically?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Deal.
Ha!
I knew I'd get that handshake.

BOJACK: I regret this already.

TODD: Whoa! Buy a guy a drink first.
Did we just say that... At the same time?
Uh, I'd hate to get
lost in a shop that big.
Am I really being courted by two gangs?
Oh, I feel like the belle of the ball.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So, this is the shapeless biographer
I've heard so much about.

DIANE: We've met several times.
Did you just call me here to insult me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is your secret, lady?
I mean, how do you get two
grown men fighting over you
like a foul ball at a football game?

DIANE: First of all, football
doesn't have foul balls.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ugh, sports.

DIANE: Second of all, nobody's fighting over me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Open your eyes.
BoJack's clearly in love with you.

DIANE: Wha...? Get out of here!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Get out of here? Why
would I get out of here?
You get out of here. This is my office.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I get the army men are police,
but what's the mustard packet again?

BOJACK: Oh, that's just a mustard packet.
It's left over from lunch.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh.
Well, can we move it off the table?

BOJACK: No. I still might want it later.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Good call.
So how do we get the D from here
all the way up to here?
What, with all these cops and mustards,
it's gonna be a pickle.

BOJACK: Oh, no.
The pickle's a SWAT van,
but I see your point.
Might be easier to just
ditch the evidence. But how?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I... I don't know.
You think these coffees
would get the juices flowing.

BOJACK: Well, they do have Bailey's in them.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is that why I feel drunk?
Because I've had, like,
seven or eight coffees.

BOJACK: I mean, I admit, it's been bad for ideas,
but it's been great for camaraderie.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Couldn't agree more.
Ooh, hey. What time is it?
I probably need to move my helicopter.
It's in a two-hour zone.

BOJACK: You beautiful bastard, that's it!
We can pick up the D with your
chopper, fly it out of here,
and then dump it out into the ocean.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Stupendous!
Take that, the ocean.

BOJACK: What now, Todd?

TODD: Listen.
So, kind of landed myself in a
two-dates-to-the-prom situation.
The dates being prison gangs
and the prom being a jump-in,
so do you remember how
you got out of the same jam
on Horsin' Around?

BOJACK: Ah, a classic conundrum.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I recall one time on
Mr. Peanutbutter's House...

BOJACK: I think he's talking to me, pal.
You know, the guy whose show
invented the
two-dates-to-the-prom story.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You may have invented it, but
I think our show perfected it.

BOJACK: The only thing you ever perfected
was stealing my thunder.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Stealing your thunder, eh?

BOJACK: Now you're even stealing
the words I'm saying.

TODD: You know, it's tough.
I agree with the Latin
Kings on social issues,
but fiscally I'm more of an Aryan.

BOJACK: Well, juggling both never ends well.
Mr. Peanutbutter, anything to contribute?
He's just staring blankly now.
Stealing your thunder.

TODD: You could also just bail
me out of here, as I said.
It's only 50 bucks...

BOJACK: Got to go, pal.
Hope it's a magical night.
All right, you ready for the plan?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, yeah.
But we are gonna need a big distraction
to keep the eyes off the skies.

BOJACK: You leave that to me.
Whoa, wait. You had a lot to drink.
You better have a cup of coffee.
Who loves you, people?
Look this way, news media.
A celebrity is throwing
away his hard-earned cash.
Everyone pay attention to me.
No, it's still free, spendable money.
This is a huge story.
What is wrong with you bozos?
Just riot over the damn money already.
Whoa!
Mr. Peanutbutter, take her home.
Ah, jeez. What did that idiot do?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ladies and gentlemen of the press,
I, and I alone, stole the
D from the Hollywoo sign.
Oh, I'll tell you why.
I did it all for my girlfriend, Diane.

BOJACK: Son of a bitch.
That literal son of a bitch.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane! What do you think?

DIANE: Wow, Mr. Peanutbutter,
uh, it's kind of a lot.
I don't really like to be on camera.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And?
Do you love anything or anyone?

DIANE: I got to go. We'll talk about it later.

TODD: What? This old thing?
The guards made me wear it.
Oh.
Uh, you know, I'll... I'll be right back.
I... I left my cot unmade.
Oh, sorry I'm late.
Hope you didn't think I was
pulling an Anne Frank on you.

BOJACK: Can you believe it?
I was double-crossed by the one man
I assumed was too stupid
to even single-cross.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? I have no idea
what you're talking about.
I do have a life outside of you, you know.

BOJACK: Mr. Peanutbutter took my
D and gave it to Diane.
Once again, he completely ripped me off.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, right. That whole thing.
Just a minute, Cate.
Look, you may have come up with a log line,
but he's the one who sold the pitch.
This is more on brand for
him than it is for you.

BOJACK: What do you mean?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Desecrated a major landmark
in a drunken stupor, that's
a BoJack Horseman thing.
But stealing it for your girlfriend
as a grand display of affection?
That's Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: You're right. It's Mr.
Peanutbutter all over.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's the kind of bold, romantic gesture
they base movies on.
Actually, that's not a bad idea.
Lora? Check if anyone's
bought the rights yet.

BOJACK: Can we keep this about me, please?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Even if he stole your stealing of the D,
what he made his was
telling Diane how he felt
from his heart.
You could never say it to me,
and you still can't say it to her.

BOJACK: That's not true. I can express feelings.
Nothing on the outside.
Nothing on the inside.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Look, I got to bounce.
Quick question, though.
Would you see Cate Blanchett
in a movie about Eva Braun?

BOJACK: Why are you wasting my time with this?
Of course I would. Who wouldn't?

TODD: Wow. I never knew neo-Nazis
were so interested in Nazis.
Hey, no disrespect,
but I got a few chess pieces
I forgot need whittling.
Oh, excuse me.

BOJACK: Thank you for rescheduling
given your recent, uh, everything.

DIANE: Yeah. That was really something.

BOJACK: I guess he makes your heart stand Stiller?

DIANE: Yeah, but for some reason
the jury's Stiller out
on how I feel about it.

BOJACK: Well, that's because it wasn't for you.
That wasn't a Diane thing. It
was a Mr. Peanutbutter thing.

DIANE: Well, what would be a Diane thing?

BOJACK: A Diane thing would be something that shows
he really knows you,
like giving you an iPod loaded
with all your favorite podcasts,
or a practical houseplant,
or surprising you with a bound album
of photos and emails he saved.
That's... That's what the
Diane I know would want.

DIANE: What are you saying to me?

BOJACK: Just that you should be
with someone who knows you.

DIANE: Yeah? Like who?

BOJACK: I...
Whoa, were we... Were we taping?
Um, okay.
Uh, you want to hear my Andy Dick story?
It's a doozie.

TODD: Hey, I got to go, uh, do a prison thing.
Whew. Hey.
White people, right?
Uh, what...
Look, guys,
I didn't want to choose between
you because I like you both.
Look, in fact, if you just took the time
to get to know each
other the way you did me,
I think you'd agree we
don't need gangs anymore
because, deep down, we're all just people.
What do you say?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane? Is that you?

BOJACK: Hey. It's, um, me.
Look, uh, things got a bit weird earlier,
so I... I want to make sure
that we're still on for tomorrow
to talk about the time I
sneezed on Marisa Tomei.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm really sorry about before.
I know the D was overkill,
so I got you something more personal.

DIANE: Aww.

BOJACK: I also wanted to just, um, let you know
how much I appreciate you
working on this book with me.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I know I sometimes get carried away,
but it's because I love you so much.
You're a catch, Diane,
and I think you know how much I love catch.

BOJACK: And I'm sorry if I've
been difficult in any way
during this process.
You know, it's... It's
really hard to have somebody,
I don't know, know you, I guess.
And you do, uh, know me, Diane.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We're very different,
but I think we bring out
the best in each other.
It's like you're chocolate and I'm...

DIANE: Peanutbutter?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? Now see?
That was so much better
than what I was gonna say.
I was gonna say carrots.

BOJACK: And I know I'm not the perfect guy.
I actually kind of hate
myself a lot of the time.
But when... When I'm with
you, I, uh, don't hate myself.
I like being around you,
and I don't know if I ever told you that
in so many words, so I'm telling you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, I've got an
important question to ask.
No cameras, no big spectacle.
Just me and you.

BOJACK: Call me back.
This was BoJack, by the way.
Horseman, obviously.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Will you do the honor...
Of becoming Mrs. Peanutbutter?

DIANE: Wow. This is happening so fast.
Yes. I'll marry you.
But I'm keeping my last name.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You hear that? She said yes!
Let's kick it!
Erica, did you hear she said yes?
Come on in here! All right!

BOJACK: She's not gonna call. Get
out the consolation scotch.
It's her! Make that celebration scotch.
It's the same scotch!
Diane! Hey, you!

DIANE: Hey.
So this is weird.
I'm engaged.

BOJACK: Oh, wow.
To Mr. Peanutbutter?

DIANE: I saw you left me a voice-mail...

BOJACK: Delete it. It's just a
drunken recipe for Bundt cake.
Not important.

DIANE: Okay. I got to go.
They're about to move the D back.
See you tomorrow?

BOJACK: Absolutely.
Well, nobody knows me like you.

TODD: See, you guys aren't so different.
Oh, wow.
What a twist, huh?
And they say there's no
new stories in Hollywoo.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: You got to get your shit together.
So you took some licks, but
you're gonna bounce back,
because you're talented, you're smart,
and damn it, you're good.
You are a goddamn American
treasure, you know that?
You are BoJack goddamn Horseman.
So get the hell off my lawn.

BOJACK: Oh.
Here I thought I was at the
drive-through at Carl's Jr.
How much did I have to drink last night?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Last night? Oh, you've been on a bender
for the last two weeks, ever
since you found out Diane
got engaged to Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: Diane got engaged to Mr. Peanutbutter?
I need a drink.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No. No more drinking.
You've been out of control.

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn, look. I met John Stamos.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That is not John Stamos.

BOJACK: Hey, Princess Carolyn,
John Stamos and I got our ears pierced.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That is not your ear.

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn, John Stamos died.
Why? Why, God?
Why did you take John Stamos?
That doesn't sound so bad.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, I forgot to mention you
were naked for a lot of that.

BOJACK: Stamos!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Also, it wasn't here. It was at my office.

BOJACK: We thought night swimming would be fun,
but the current was too strong.
Oh, God, I wasn't driving around, was I?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No. You made Todd your designated driver,
but then you also made him drink with you.

TODD: Yeah, I'll have a western
bacon cheeseburger.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, we are going to
get you back on your feet.
All you need to do is get off Diane
and get on to something else.
Hello?
Tony, hi. I'm calling in that favor.
Get your crew to BoJack Horseman's house.
Can you be there in an hour?
Great.

BOJACK: What just happened?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're the new face of Guten Bourbon.

BOJACK: What is Guten Bourbon?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's an urban German bourbon.

BOJACK: Am I just hungover, or are
you talking like a Muppet?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: They're looking for American celebrities
to talk about how much they like to drink.
It's the part you were born to play.
All you have to do is
smile and stay upright.

BOJACK: I don't know. It sounds like a lot of work.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You take up 80% of my time with your drama
and make me 0% of my money.
Do the damn commercial.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, I got to go. You're in charge, Todd.
Keep this dummy out of trouble.

TODD: Hooray, responsibility.

BOJACK: Hey.
Do you really believe all that
stuff you said to me earlier
about me being smart and talented and good?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, I'm an agent. I
believe everything I say.

BOJACK: Ah.

TODD: Hey, where the hell is that cheeseburger?
I ordered it, like, an hour ago.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Lenny Turteltaub, you skinny bitch.
How the hell are you?
Sorry. Hello?

BOJACK: Hey, I just wanted to thank
you for getting me this job
and pulling me out of that
oh-so-predictably BoJack
spiral of self-loathing
and substance abuse.
You really are the best.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I know. Talk to you later.

BOJACK: I feel like you see things
in me that nobody else sees.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yep, I'm pretty great. Got to go.

BOJACK: All this time, I never even...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, I'm in a very
important breakfast right now.

BOJACK: Okay. I got to go, too.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sorry. What's the great news?
You beautiful dickhead.
You finally got Zach Braff?
Ah, no other director has enough weight
to handle a movie about
the last days of Eva Braun.
Everything's coming together.
With Braff directing,
my client Cate Blanchett starring,
and the great Lenny Turteltaub producing,
this movie is a done deal.
I'm the best agent in the biz.
I can seal these deals
with my paws in my pants.
Laura! What's happening?
No shit. With what?
Oh, shit. Don't tell me
one of the new agents is...
Vanessa Gekko.
That slippery, slimy,
cold-blooded, bug-eyed...
Gekko.
Ha ha. How are you?
No.
I don't have any children.
I'm pumped.
Oh.
Ugh. What do you want, Todd?

TODD: Well, good news, bad news.
The bad news is that there
actually is no good news,
and the other bad news is BoJack's gone.
What? Where did he go?
The shoot is at his house.
He just disappeared. I don't
even know why he'd leave.
This charcoal mellowed
bourbon is so smooth,
every time I take a sip, pure happiness.
Really?
Hey, I got to go. I think
this is my big break.
Don't worry. I won't let it
get to my head or anything.

BOJACK: Hey, who told that asshole
he could sit in my chair?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Don't forget I'm your
agent, too! I want 10%.

BOJACK: Hello, beautiful.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What the hell are you doing here?
You're supposed to be
shooting a commercial.

BOJACK: I know, but I was sitting
there drinking bourbon and...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: They didn't give you fake bourbon on set?

BOJACK: Oh, they did, and then I
just mixed it with bourbon.
And it hit me.
Why was I so upset about
Diane getting engaged?
You're the one who's
always been there for me,
so I drank a lot more bourbon
and drove over to tell you how I feel.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, I see what this is.

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn, what are we doing?
Clearly we're in love with each other.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're not in love with me.
You're in love with Diane.
And you're not even
really in love with her.
You just think you are because you pay her
to listen to you talk about yourself.

BOJACK: Diane getting engaged was the best thing
that ever happened to me.
It made me realize you're
the one I need to be with.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ha! You say that every
time something bad happens.

BOJACK: Not getting nominated for
a People's Choice Award
is the best thing that ever happened to me.
It made me realize...
Getting caught with that pound of cocaine
was the best thing that
ever happened to me.
That hooker getting pregnant
was the best thing that
ever happened to me.
Sneezing on Marisa Tomei was the best...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Every time something bad happens,
you come running to me for comfort.
Well, it's not gonna happen this time.
I can't be your agent and your girlfriend.
It just doesn't work.
I have to take this.

BOJACK: Okay.
But remember, I'm coming for you,
and I'm gonna make you love me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Please don't. Hey.
Aw, fish. Without a director, Eva
Braun is as dead as Eva Braun.
Hello? Hello?

BOJACK: Lady, you work too hard.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That was an important phone call.
Important phone call beep boop blorp.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Don't you robot-voice me.

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn, what are we doing?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, I'm working, and you are leaving.

BOJACK: Before I go, I got you
a little sexy something
to remember me by.
Since we can't be together every second,
which would be my preference,
I give you cardboard BoJack.
It's got a light-sensitive sound chip,
so every time you walk by it,
it quotes a line from Jerry Maguire,
your favorite movie.
What do you think? Pretty sweet, huh?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't have time for you or cardboard you.
I need to find a new director.

BOJACK: Or you could find my nude erector...
She's gone.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Blech. Word to the wise, Laura...
Do not pitch a Nazi
romance to Steven Spielberg.
What are you saying?
The hell we are.

BOJACK: Good news, Princess Carolyn.
Vanessa's my agent now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

BOJACK: You said you couldn't be
my girlfriend and my agent,
so I'm firing you.
Now we can be in love.
This is so great.
Now I can date you and have a better agent.
Everybody wins.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh.

TODD: Are you still searching for happiness?
Make your own happiness.
Mmm, that's some Guten Bourbon.
Was it? You know, I'm
trying to do good work here,
really find the character,
but it's pretty distracting
to have all these robots
staring at me with their blinking red eyes.
Oh, well, you want to make a good one?
Then get them the hell out of here!
I'm the face of this brand,
I'm the man behind the thing,
and I'm determined to get the jargon
of this German bourbon blurbin'.
Is it just me, or does this fake booze
taste a lot like real booze?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You want BoJack, you can have him.
Here's a list of directors
who won't work with him,
studios that won't hire him,
former assistants with restraining orders.
Well, then BoJack should
be a lot of fun for you.
No one wants to hire him.
You gotta be kidding me.
Ha. All yours.
Who said you could use my assistant?
Oh, hello, Mr. Witherspoon.
Ugh.
I'll take it in here, Charlie. Hello.
BoJack is not my client anymore.

TODD: Oh, you pretenders.
Bourbon is the name of a county.
You can't just make bourbon in Germany.
That would be like
making Rice-A-Roni
anywhere but San Francisco.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ugh. I'll be right there.
You got to get your shit together.
You are a winner, okay?
You are Todd... Hold on.
Fish. Okay, you are Todd goddamn...
What's your last name?

TODD: Chavez.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Your last name is Chavez?

TODD: Yeah. Why?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't know, I just never thought of you
as a Chavez. Look, I got to go.

TODD: I feel like you didn't
really finish the pep talk.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I know, but I got a movie to put together.
Best of luck. You got to be kidding me.
You're having the Eva
Braun meeting without me?
But Cate is my client.
Is that Quentin Tarantulino?
Eva Braun is not a romantic comedy.

BOJACK: He's right, you know.
Oh, ooh, oh, oh, over-rotate. Hey.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I just missed an important meeting
because I was babysitting
Todd, who's too drunk to work,
because you switched out the prop bourbon
with the real bourbon.
You are ruining my life.

BOJACK: Have dinner with me tonight.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No way.

BOJACK: Come on, just me, you,
and a bottle of Pinot.
Probably more than one
bottle and some entrees.
And I'll probably get an appetizer.
I own the restaurant, so we can go crazy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I have to work.

BOJACK: You don't have to work.
You choose to work.

PRINCESS CAROLYN:  Hmm.

BOJACK: Why not choose to be happy for once?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm.

BOJACK: When you're writing a memoir,
you spend a lot of time
reflecting on the past.
I regret not being a better friend to you
and lover.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Thank you.
Lover's kind of a weird word,
but thanks.

BOJACK: You want to get out of
this stuffy old restaurant,
get some gelato, and maybe
drive out to the ocean
and put our feet in the water?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That sounds great.
Let me just freshen up my whiskers.

BOJACK: Great. I'll get the car
and meet you outside.
You scamper right back, pussycat.
You look at your reflection too long,
you might fall in love. She's gone.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What do you want, Gekko?
I left at 8:30. What is it?
No. No. No, no, no, no. No, no, no.
This isn't fair. I know
everything about Cate.
Her favorite color is red.
Her favorite book is Suffragette City.
Her favorite Spice Girl is Baby.
She's Australian, you moron.
Bye.
Ugh.
Charlie, get me Cate Blanchett.
You know what? Never mind.
If Vanessa Gekko wants Cate
that bad, she can have her.
I'm gonna be okay. I'm gonna be happy.
Tonight, I choose to be happy.
Good night, Charlie.

BOJACK: Holy shit.
Herb! How the hell are you, buddy?
Excuse me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sorry that took me so long.
Just wanted to look my best for you, lover.

BOJACK: Hey, um, I just got kind
of a weird phone call.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You and me both. Hey, screw 'em all, right?

BOJACK: Yeah.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are we going to gelato?

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn, what are we doing?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Getting gelato?

BOJACK: This was a mistake. I've been acting crazy.
That phone call just
pulled me back to reality.
You were right. I don't love you.
You don't love me. We're
just two lonely people
trying to hate ourselves a little less.
Maybe that's all we're ever gonna be.
Maybe that's all we ever were.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, this night took a turn.
You know the worst part? I
knew this was gonna happen
and I let myself get excited anyway.

BOJACK: So we agree that this is on you, then?
I guess I'll see you around.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're not even gonna give me a ride home?

BOJACK: Sorry, I think I just
need to be alone right now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Of course, of course.
That's what you get when
you fall for a horse.
Taxi.
You got to get your shit together.
So yesterday, you let yourself
fall in love a little bit,
and you got your heart broken.
Serves you right for having feelings.
Starting now, you are a
hard, heartless career gal.
Go to work, be awesome at it,
and don't waste time on
foolish flights of fancy.
From now on, you are a robot.
Beep bop boop blurp bleep.
Hello.
I just want you to know I'm fine.

BOJACK: Uh-oh. People only say they're
fine when they're not fine.
Did I hurt your feelings last night?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm an agent. I don't have feelings.

BOJACK: Well, I'm glad you called.
I think that you had
the right idea yesterday.
I should be getting back to work.
Can you get me another job?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, well, I'm not your
agent anymore, so, no.

BOJACK: Oh, right. Well, just tell whoever, then.
Anyway, I'm off to
Malibu to see Herb Kazzaz.
He has cancer, which, as
you know, is a whole thing.
Plus, he hates me, so I could
really use some good news
at the end of the day.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, my God, you're going to see Herb?
You must be really...
Nope, don't care. Not interested.
Hope you like kicking ass, Charlie,
because that's all we're gonna do today.
That's great, Charlie.
Hey, Vanessa, your client,
BoJack Horseman, wants a job.
Good luck.
What? You just signed BoJack yesterday.

BOJACK: Todd, how do I turn this thing off?
Todd.

TODD: What? I'm busy.

BOJACK: Never mind. Think I've figured it out.
Now that I've got the room to myself,
time to practice the trombone.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: He's kind of in a bad place right now.
You can't just drop him.
The best agent in this building
got him a job yesterday,
and I could get him a
feature by the end of today.
Hey, Marty, Princess Carolyn here.
How'd you like to work
with the BoJack Horseman?
What's that? You hate his guts?
What's that? He's a talentless boob?
What's that? You'll never
work with BoJack again?
What's that?
You want him to die in an
ass factory warehouse fire,
smothering to death under
a pile of burning asses?
Well, if you change your
mind, give me a call.
Oh, BoJack, what am I gonna do with you?
That's it. Of course.
Cameron Crow, you skinny bitch.
You know Jerry Maguire's my
favorite movie of all time?
All your films are so human,
which is super impressive
since you're a crow.
Well, whatever you are...
I brought you this
You'd be the perfect director
to make a movie out of it,
and I happen to know this is
Cate Blanchett's favorite book.
I'll bet she'll drop
everything to play the part.
You should give her a caw.
Oh, no. What happened?
Did Cate drop out of your
little Holocaust movie
so she could make my
little Cameron Crow movie?
Why don't you go home and cry about it
to your loving husband and children?
Thanks, Laura.
I don't know, Lenny.
Eva Braun was Vanessa's project.
You know what would be
a great romantic comedy?
Remember when that guy stole
the D from the Hollywood sign
so he could propose to his girlfriend?
Well, in that case,
you know who'd be great?

BOJACK: Yeah.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Good news.
You're back in my stable,
and I got you the lead
in a romantic comedy.
Who's the best agent in the world?

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I went through hell and back
today, but it was worth it
because I got you a
job. Aren't you excited?

BOJACK: No. I don't know.
I don't care about that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You... You said you wanted a job.

BOJACK: It doesn't matter. Nothing matters.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wow. What happened in Malibu?

BOJACK: I got to go.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, thanks, Laura. Go
home. I'll see you tomorrow.
Where else would I go?
Thanks, phone.
BOJACK: Oh, right.
Well, just tell whoever, then.
Anyway, I'm off to
Malibu to see Herb Kazzaz.
He has cancer, which, as
you know, is a whole thing.
Plus, he hates me, so I could really use
some good news at the end of the day.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, my God. You're going to see Herb?
You must be really... Nope.
Don't care. Not interested.

BOJACK: Okay, Good talk.

DIANE: Hey.
Ready for this?

BOJACK: Listen.
I want to make sure I don't spend
any time alone with Herb.
I'm bringing you along as my buffer.

DIANE: And your memoirist.
I should meet your old best friend
before he dies of cancer.

BOJACK: Fine, I guess.
Just don't abandon me.
No bathroom breaks.
And don't slip out of the room
to text your fiancé a
bunch of winky smileys
with hearts next to them... Gross.
Congratulations on the
whole being engaged thing,
by the way.

DIANE: Thanks.
It's just starting to hit me.
I'm getting married.
Thank God I don't have to die alone.
No offense.

BOJACK: None taken.
Till you said, "No offense."

DIANE: So what's the deal with you and this guy?
You never talk about him.

BOJACK: Well, I kind of, maybe
stabbed him in the back.
Yeah, it's a bit of a story.
A story of power, betrayal,
and ambitious hairstyles.
The year? 198...

TODD: Movie's over.

BOJACK: Watch the next one.

TODD: Aw, I'm tired of watching movies.
Do you want to play a game?

BOJACK: Sure.
I spy with my little eye someone who needs
to shut the hell up.

TODD: Is it me?

BOJACK: It's always you.
Now, where was I?

DIANE: You were about to tell
a story about you being a shitty friend,
but then, we got interrupted
by you yelling at Todd.

BOJACK: Oh, yeah. Shut up, Todd.

BOJACK:
Thanks, Charlotte, but
one beer gets me tipsy.
I got to be clear-headed for my set.
Looks like Herb's killing.
Wow. They must be serious about Herb.
That's Angela Diaz.
She's the woman who made pantsuits a thing.
I'm in.
That movie was amazing,
except for all the lame time period jokes.
We get it. The '50s were different.
I'll have a New Coke, please.
Listen, you guys don't need
to include me on your dates.
Sometimes, it makes me
feel like a third wheel.
Wouldn't that make it a bicycle?
Great set, man.
It's like everything you said was something
I've thought before but
never had the balls to say.
Well, thank you, Bubbles.
I love L.A. Don't you guys?
The prettiest girls in the
world flock to this city,
and they end up with total knobs.
Take this couple, for example.
Excuse me, miss. Is that your date?
That's your husband? You can do better.
Give me a call after the show.
I'm just kidding around.
I'm not kidding around.
Ugh.
Maker's Manhattan? 2:00 P.M.?
Not judging.
That guy tipped me a quarter.
That's barely enough money
to buy three gallons of gas.
No, I got to stay sharp.
I got another audition this afternoon.
God, I can't wait till I'm finally up
for real jobs instead of
these dumb commercials.
"Here's the thing about
most long-distance plans."
It's so stupid.
I don't expect to be offered Secretariat
right away, but when am I gonna be up
for real roles?
Wait.
Did the guys from ABC call?
An off-the-clock,
non-work-related social event?
That's the perfect time to pitch a TV show.
You're brilliant.
Guys, don't take your eyes off the prize.
We need to fill Charlotte's
bag with these mini quiches.
This is our breakfast for June.
Shit, we're busted.
Pretend you don't speak English.
Salutations. Crap, that's English.
Well, there he goes.
Herb's about to hit the big time,
and I'm just gonna be a small-fry
doing tiny commercials
and eating mini quiches.
He does?
Like, you think I'll get fat?
So you're saying I definitely
won't get fat?
Well, make up your mind, lady.
Wait, is this a science lesson?
Ugh, that's worse.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Really?
Does Herb know?
I'm going to miss you, Charlotte.
Charlotte...
Why did you bring me to Griffith Park?
Are we gonna get in a knife fight
like in Rebel Without a Cause?
He had several causes.
Wow, I didn't realize
there were so many day hookers.
I'm not fully on board with
this new high five thing.
What ever happened to the low five?
Give me some skin.
What? That's amazing.
What's the show?
Well, good luck on your rocket ship
to the top without me.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Seriously?
Of course I do. Of course, Herb.
Jesus Christ, thank you.
I think you got the wrong idea here.
Herb, I'm not...
Yeah, no, I gotcha.
Yeah.
Why would I say, "You'll never get me
in that sweater" in this scene
and then, in the very next scene,
I'm wearing the sweater?
Did my character suddenly forget
that he didn't want to wear the sweater?
Don't explain the joke to me.
I just don't understand how it's a joke.
I want you to add a scene showing
how I changed my mind about the sweater
so the goddamn episode makes sense.
Look at me, doing your job for you.
Way to go, Shakespeare.
What happened to the stories I requested?
Where's my rap? You said
you'd write me a rap.
We just need a rhyme for
"and I'm here to say."
Well, what about giving me Rollerblades?
How are people gonna know
that my character is hip
if he doesn't roll the blade?
That was one pitch,
and I didn't say they're all thieves.
But if you're too scared to start
a national dialogue, maybe
I'll take my ideas home.
Good luck making Horsin'
Around without the horse.
Okay, Sharona.
I'll go out and jerk this limp script
until it gets hard,
but I'm not doing it for Herb.
I'm doing it for the fans.
And there better be some Zimas
in my dressing room after the show.
Wait a minute. This isn't the bar.
I got to fire my assistant.
You guys sound like
you're ready for a show.
Oh, gross. Why do I
keep trying to like Zima?
Talk to me, world.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, it's Princess Carolyn.
How are you doing today?

BOJACK: Well, I'll tell you my problem.
I just keep getting handsomer.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Good problems to have.
Hold for a sec.
I've got your agent on the line.

BOJACK: Ha-ha. She is attractive.
Uh, Marv? Marv?
What's the big news?
That's amazing.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, God. What did I do this time?
Wha...
Sheeeiiiiit.
No doy.
Okay, I'm gonna hold back my "No doys"
because there might be a lot.
Herb, you picked the
worst possible time to...
You know what? You can count on me, Herb.
I mean, I wouldn't even be
here if it weren't for you.
And when this is all over, we're going
to drive back up to Griffith Park.
I still owe you that high five, right?
Hey, this is a dumb question,
but do you guys ever,
like, all link up together
and do, like, a party
train or a fun circle?
'Cause I feel like I'd
be doing that all the...
Never mind. Stupid question.
Feel stupid for asking that.
See, that's what I'm talking about.
That's great.
We just gotta make sure
that we work in the phrase
"toothbrush rap" early,
so they know I'm rapping.
You can't do that.
Well, if he goes, I go.
Angela...
Wait a minute.
This isn't the bar.
I gotta fire my assistant.

DIANE: So what ended up
happening with Secretariat?

BOJACK: Went into turnaround.
I don't totally know
what "turnaround" means,
but they never made the movie.

TODD: Whoa.
This house is way bigger than yours.
Herb's done really well
for a guy you dicked over.
Oh, no. Ah.

BOJACK: That's enough out of you.
Stay out here and turn this car around
in case we need to leave in a hurry.

TODD: Hooray. A task.

BOJACK: Yeah, you don't look so hot yourself, Herb.

DIANE: Uh...

BOJACK: This is Diane.
She's writing a book about me.

DIANE: Pleasure to meet you.

TODD: Almost. Ah...
Almost there.
Come on... ah.

BOJACK: Uh, they're fine.
Could have seen that coming.
Who asks about utensils?

DIANE: I'm gonna go to the bathroom.

BOJACK: Nope. No, you are not.

TODD: Uh. Oh. Ow. Almost.
Oh. Oh, no.
I can't turn the car around.
I've been trying to do this
three-point turn forever.
I mean, it's more like a 300-point turn.
Am I right, huh?

DIANE: Hey, Herb,
is that your Vitamix?
BoJack has one, too.
I wonder if you guys have
strong opinions about
it one way or the other.

BOJACK: I have used mine a grand
total of zero times.
I don't even have cancer,
and I don't use it.
Exactly.
What is so great about liquids?
Every article I read now is
"juice this" and "juice that."
Hey-ooh.

TODD: Uh, I'm going as fast as I can.
No, I think I'm almost there.
Whoa. Whoa, guys.
I'm sensing a lot of hostility here.
Maybe we should take our
masks off and actually talk.
Did you?
Because I think you're
still wearing a mask.

DIANE: Oh, my God, Herb, you
met President Clinton?
Oh, wow.

BOJACK: I presented at the Teen Choice Awards.
Wait, is that Charlotte?
She looks good for someone so old.
Exactly!

TODD: Truth. Truth.
Kenzie, do you have anything to share?
Word.
You know, I act all cool
and sophisticated on the outside,
but on the inside, I'm just Todd, you know?
But thanks to you guys, I think I'm finally
ready to let my guard down.
Oh!

BOJACK: This... This just doesn't feel right.
I should have brought a bottle of wine.
That's what adults do. BoJack, damn it.

DIANE: Is that what's bothering you,
that you didn't bring wine?

BOJACK: You're right.
I just would have drunk it on the way here.

DIANE: This isn't about wine, BoJack.
If you have something you
need to say to someone,
you should do it while you have the chance
because before you know
it, it'll be too late.

BOJACK: Is this one of those
things where we're talking
about Herb but we're actually
talking about something else?

DIANE: No, I was talking about Herb.

BOJACK: Okay, good. Yeah, me, too.
Hey, buddy!
Ooh, you should get that looked at.
Hey, I wanted to talk
to you about... you know.
I feel bad about what happened.
Yes. I'm sorry.
Herb, I said I'm sorry.
Uh... not sure you get
what's happening here.
This could be the last time that you...
I really think that we'd both
feel better if we just...
You have to believe me.
I did everything I could.
Look, I... I wanted to,
but I didn't think...
It's not my fault you got fired.
I...
Hey, this is a dumb
question, but the gay thing
and the rectal cancer thing
aren't related, are they?
Never mind.
Stupid question. Forget I brought it up.
Huh.
No, you gave this to me.

DIANE: BoJack?
What are you doing? Get off him.

BOJACK: Some people prefer the later years.

DIANE: BoJack. Come on.
Thank you for inviting us.
You have a lovely home.

BOJACK: I don't know why I came here.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You said you wanted a job.

BOJACK: It doesn't matter. Nothing matters.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wow. What happened in Malibu?

BOJACK: I gotta go.

DIANE: Hey, bright side.
At least now you have a good story to tell
at his funeral.

BOJACK: Ugh, God.

DIANE: I'm not trying to kill the vibe here,
but I've had to pee for, like, three hours.
Look, I won't put what happened today
in the book if you don't want me to.

BOJACK: No, it's okay.
Full truth like we agreed.
Warts and all.
It doesn't matter anyway.
I don't even care what
anybody thinks anymore.

DIANE: Well, for what it's worth,
I think it took a lot of guts
to do what you did back there.
DIANE: So... should we talk about
how you just tried to kiss me?

BOJACK: No, I don't think we
need to talk about that.

DIANE: Yeah, you're right. What's
to talk about, right?
We're f-friends, right?

BOJACK: Oh, yeah, totally.

DIANE: Yeah, friends.
And I think it's important
that we stay friends.

BOJACK: Yeah, I agree.

DIANE: And be friends with each other.

BOJACK: Yeah, friends.

DIANE: And also to each other.

BOJACK: Plus, hey, you're getting married.

DIANE: That's right. Next summer.
Nantucket is great in the summer.
Not like L.A., which is so hot and dry.

BOJACK: It is arid.

DIANE: Well... see you later!

BOJACK: We're still a few miles...

DIANE: I'll walk. It's a beautiful night.
Ah! Sorry, sorry!

BOJACK: Shit.
Todd, we gotta stop this wedding.
Todd?
Aw, crap. I left him in Malibu.

TODD: But wait, doesn't Diane want
to marry Mr. Peanutbutter?

BOJACK: No, see, she thinks she does,
but she actually doesn't.
That's why we need to be
good friends right now,
and put our own feelings aside
and sabotage our friend's engagement.

TODD: Oh...
Wait? What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I got here as soon as I
could. What's the emergency?

BOJACK: We got to figure out a way
to stop Diane's wedding.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay.
So when you woke me up
in the middle of the night
and told me to rush over here
because of an "emergency,"
the emergency you were referring to
was Diane getting married a year from now?

BOJACK: Yeah, you got any ideas?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm done.
I'm not going to waste
another thought on you.
I am at a bar. It's the weekend.
I'm gonna enjoy myself.

BOJACK: Look, if you don't have any ideas,
just say you don't have any ideas.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yoo-hoo! Buy me a drink.
What's your name, stud?
Ya hear that, BoJack?
Vincent is an adult,
and I'll bet he knows how to treat a lady.

BOJACK: He very clearly isn't and doesn't.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I certainly would,
you sophisticated smooth talker.
Mmm! Tell me all about you.

BOJACK: Are you seriously trying to make me jealous
by flirting with what is very obviously
just three kids stacked on top
of each other under a trench coat?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Vinnie, what does a
guy like you do for fun?

BOJACK: I don't have time for these shenanigans.
I got a wedding to shanghai.
Good luck with your business transactions.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Officer.
The mail truck pulled up right next to me.
I got a bad vibe. What
was I supposed to do?
Not chase the mail truck?
Hey, honeysuckle. Great news.
I got to ride in a police car.
Bad news... I lost my driver's license.

DIANE: Let me guess.
Were you chasing the mailman again?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, why? Did you see him out there too?
Nothing stops them.
Not rain, not sleet, not dead of night,
not gates!
Anyway, I need a little favor.
Can you... drive me everywhere I need to go
for the next three months?

DIANE: I really can't, sweetheart. I'm super busy.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, you're working on our wedding registry.

DIANE: I'm writing my book.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:  Right.
But don't forget about the registry.

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter, you know I love you.
And you know I am really
excited about getting married,
but right now I'm working,
and I have a lot of thoughts in my head,
and I can't really think about our wedding
or the future or me being married to you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. What's going on?
Talk to me like I'm Michelle Pfeiffer
in the Coolio video.
Just... Well, um... with the leg...
Hmm, all right.
And Coolio.

DIANE: Nothing's going on.
It's just that this wedding is kind of
starting to feel like a lot.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Honey, relax. Getting married is easy.
I mean, I've already done it twice.

DIANE: It's fine. I'm sorry.
I just... need to focus
on the book right now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So that's still a no on driving me around?

DIANE: Why don't you hire a driver?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is there a light bulb above my head?
Because while you were talking,
I just got an amazing idea.
I should hire a driver!
Oh, this will be a romp.
If I know me, this will be a romp.

TODD: I'm not sure how I feel
about breaking and entering, BoJack.

BOJACK: Well, that's the beauty part.
The B&E is really the least illegal piece
of this 12-point master plan.
Have you got your tool kit?

TODD: Check.

BOJACK: Burner phone?

TODD: Check.

BOJACK: Cyanide capsule?

TODD: Check.
Wait, why do we need...

BOJACK: Okay, let's get started.
Enter the study.
Plant incriminating...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello? Todd?

TODD: Uh...
Hi, Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: Take the cyanide, Todd.
Take the cyanide!
And hup. Hup.
And hup... No.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Are you here to interview to be my driver?

TODD: Um... yes, I am.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Brilliant.
I didn't even post the ad yet.
Here's me thinking destiny over here.

BOJACK: And hup. Yeah!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thank you for your interest
in the role of driver.
I know you don't have your resume with you,
so I've taken the liberty
of letting you use mine.

TODD: Yeah, thanks.
Here, business boss.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Let's just have a look here. Mm-hmm.
Oh, ho, with a resume like this,
you should be the one hiring a driver.
Just kidding.
I know it's my resume.
But I see you went to Northwestern.
You know, I'm an N.U. man myself.

TODD: Go, fighting Westerns.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And it says here you do
a great Rodney Dangerfield impression.
Give us a taste.

TODD: Uh, okay.
"I'm Roger Dangerfield."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No respect, indeed.
Todd, you got the job.

TODD: Oh.
Can you believe this weather we're having?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I cannot believe
this weather we're having!
Oh, wow. We make a great pair.
It's like I'm Miss Daisy,
and you're Minnie Driver.

BOJACK: Hey, I'm bored.
And I think Todd swallowed a cyanide pill
and might be dead.
Wanna come over and bang it out?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Appealing as that sounds,
I have lunch plans with Vincent.
I know that might be hard for you to hear.

BOJACK: Wait, that guy from the bar
who is actually three boys
stacked on top of each
other under a trench coat?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, don't fly into a
jealous rage about it.

BOJACK: Not jealous.
Just reminding you that you are trying
to have a relationship
with someone who is...
and again, it's bizarre
I should have to point
this out... three young boys
stacked on top of each
other under a trench coat.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: He listens to me.

BOJACK: Okay, okay, but can you
just acknowledge that...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That you are being jealous?
Already acknowledged.
Toodles.

BOJACK: Look who's not dead.

TODD: Better than not dead.
You are looking at
Mr.Peanutbutter's new driver.

BOJACK: You're his driver? That's perfect.
Now you can infiltrate Mr.
Peanutbutter's inner circle.

TODD: I don't know, BoJack.

BOJACK: Sure, you'll act all friendly,
gain his trust, chauffer him around
on his little errands to
the groomer and whatnot,
but all the while, you'll be studying him,
scouring out his weaknesses,
biding your time till
we're ready to strike.
And once you zero in on his Achilles' heel,
we will take... him... down.

TODD: Hooray. Betrayal.
Oh, man. Oh, man.
Keep it cool, Todd.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, pal.
If you're making small talk up there,
how about sending a little my way?

TODD: Um... can you believe
this weather we're having?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I cannot believe
this weather we're having!

BOJACK: Hey, weren't you supposed to be here
like a half hour ago?

DIANE: Yeah, I've just been sitting in my car.
Listen, I was looking over my notes,
and I think I have enough
to go write the book,
so... I'm just going to do that.

BOJACK: You don't want to interview me anymore?
But don't you want to
know what my Rosebud is?

DIANE: You told me repeatedly
it was the nudie magazine
your uncle showed you with
the three-nippled woman.

BOJACK: Who was she?

DIANE: I got it all.

BOJACK: Oh, okay.
Well, I'll see you around though, right?

DIANE: Yeah. I, um...
Why did you have to make
things weird, BoJack?

BOJACK: I made things weird?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So if you see anything
you know we need, like this biscuit warmer,
you just run the laser over the barcode,
and kablamsky!
It goes in the registry.

DIANE: And that way, everybody knows what I want.
And I know what I want.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:  Uh...

DIANE: Which is what everyone wants.
And it's really clear,
and nobody's confused about anything.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Am I crazy, or are you not into this?

DIANE: No, I am. It's just...
The big wedding in Nantucket,
all these presents...
I'm so overwhelmed, I can barely consider
whether I want or need a biscuit warmer,
which I think is how people
end up with biscuit warmers.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey. Hey, hey, hey.
Close your eyes. Come on.
Okay, picture our lives together.
It's a cold Sunday morning
a bunch of years from now.
Maybe robots have taken
over, maybe they haven't.
I don't know. It's the future.
This story isn't about that.
The important thing is it's Sunday morning.
I brought you the paper,
fetched your slippers.
You come into the kitchen...
Can you smell biscuits?

DIANE: Yes.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So can I.
Are they warm?

DIANE: Yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, that's all a biscuit warmer's for.
Look, if marriage stresses you out,
we don't have to get married.

DIANE: It's not the marriage.
It's the wedding and the year of build-up.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So forget all that.
I've done the whole big wedding thing.
I don't need to do it again.
Let's do something small and casual
right here in town next month.

DIANE: Honestly, that would be amazing.
But we'd have to cancel the doves,
and we wouldn't be able to send out
those fancy invitations you liked.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Those doves were being jerks anyway.
And invitations... They're just a scam
made up by the Post
Office to keep tabs on us.
Post Office.

DIANE: Settle down, boy.

TODD: And then we talked about
his favorite Smash Mouth CDs.
And... Oh, oh.
And then that led to a whole
conversations about sticks.
Oh, and let me tell you,
Mr. Peanutbutter has got some
serious opinions about sticks.

BOJACK: Why are you telling me this?

TODD: What? You said you wanted every detail.
Did I mention he got a new bandana?

BOJACK: Give me something I can use
to make them call off their wedding.

TODD: Oh, yeah. Did I not tell you?
They called off their wedding.

BOJACK: What? Thank God!
Oh, the universe makes sense.

TODD: They decided against a
big destination wedding,
so they're doing it here
sometime next month.

BOJACK: What?

TODD: I guess saying they called it off
is probably not right.
Hey, what's this?

BOJACK: Oh, yes, I got jury duty,
but I can't worry about that right now.
That is a problem for Friday BoJack.
Now think, Todd. Gotta
have something I can use
sloshing around in that
pot-infused Jell-O shot
you call a brain.

TODD: Let's see.
Mr. Peanutbutter likes
having his tummy scratched,
and Diane's family is from Vietnam,
which is where Vietnamese food comes from,
and since that goes in your tummy...

BOJACK: Okay, stop thinking. Just give me raw data.
What's happening this week?

TODD: Well, the circus is in town.
Congress is going to vote
on the new Education Bill...
With Mr. Peanutbutter!

BOJACK: What's happening with Mr. Peanutbutter?

TODD: Well, I'm taking Diane and him
to the bank on Thursday.

BOJACK: I can use that. I can actually use that.
Oh, come on, character
actress Margo Martindale.
They say that there are no good parts
for women over 50.
I want to stick an AK-47
in your hand and prove them wrong.
You might as well perform
in a cage, am I right?
This is guerilla theater...
No stage, no script, no net.
Don't tell me we left those
dreams in the sweat lodge.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And that little boy never found his mother.

BOJACK: Hey, guys.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack Horseman?

DIANE: Oh. Hi.

BOJACK: What a weird coincidence.
I did not know you would be here today.

DIANE: How are... things?

BOJACK: Things are good. You?
Things good with you?
What an unfortunate surprise.
This one.

DIANE: But it's my engagement ring.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Give it to her, Diane.
It's just a ring.

BOJACK: That terrifying bank robber
is making some very cogent points.

DIANE: No, Mr. Peanutbutter's right.
If the ring is just a symbol for love,
why would I need a symbol
when I have the real thing right here?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, we don't need
rings, we have each other.

DIANE: Hey, why are we even waiting
a month to get married?
If anything, this bank
robbery is reminding me
that life is short.
We should get married even sooner!

BOJACK: No...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What do you mean sooner?

DIANE: Why not this weekend?
We could get married Saturday.
Am I crazy?

BOJACK: Yes. Don't do it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. Saturday it is.

BOJACK: What the hell just happened?

DIANE: Oh.

BOJACK: Uh-oh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Long story short,
Erica did have to lose the foot,
but she gained a friend.
Sorry, kind of went off on a tangent there.
Diane and I wanna thank you all
for coming to our
impromptu rehearsal dinner,
even though we did not actually have time
to organize a rehearsal.

DIANE: Or a dinner.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But there is an open bar...
which you are all welcome to partake in
as soon as I finish this toast,
which I will be doing right...
after one more quick anecdote.
It was winter in Prague,
and the consumption hung low in the air.

BOJACK: Well, the bank thing was a dud.
Thanks a lot, Todd.

TODD: Well, you win some, you lose some.
It's like Vincent always says...
"Oopsy."

BOJACK: Vincent?
Yeah, Princess Carolyn's boyfriend.
We've hung out a couple times.
What are you ta...

TODD: That dude is funny.

BOJACK: You know he's not a person, right?

TODD: Look, I don't want to get
in the middle of your whole thing
with Princess Carolyn.

BOJACK: It's not about that.
I just don't understand why nobody else
seems to notice that she is dating a man
who is clearly three little boys
doing the thing from The Little Rascals.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, that reminds me of another funny story.

BOJACK: If I could say a few words?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack Horseman. Take the mic.
Spin us a yarn.

BOJACK: Mr. Peanutbutter, Diane.
Since I am friends with both of you
and have no ulterior motives...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mm-hmm.

BOJACK: I would like to offer my restaurant
as a venue for your wedding.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow! Really?

DIANE: I don't know. That's too generous.

BOJACK: Hey, don't look a horse's
gift in the mouth, right?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I get it. Like the song.

DIANE: That's not a song.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right, everyone.
That's it for the toasts.
Enjoy yourselves and each other.

BOJACK: This is perfect.
Now that the wedding's at my restaurant,
we have the home field advantage.
Perfect for sabotage.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, I need to thank you.
You calling me to the bar the other night
turned out to be the best thing
that ever happened to me.
 I think I'm in love.

BOJACK: Okay.
This "person" you're in love with...
Have you seen him without
his trench coat on?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't understand why
you can't be happy for me.
He's a good boyfriend.

TODD: I actually think you and Vincent
would really hit it off
if you gave him a chance.
You should spend some
one-on-one time with him.

BOJACK: You mean
one-on-three time?
Because there are three of him.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We get it. You don't like him.

BOJACK: I'm actually not sure you do get it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I know what's been going on.

TODD: Ah! I wasn't gonna pee.
I was just taking my penis out.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You've been driving me around,
but there was something else
happening the whole time.
I see it now.

TODD: What are you talking about?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You weren't just working
as my driver, Todd.
You were becoming my friend.

TODD: Oh, yeah. That was happening.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I could use a friend right about now.
There's something I really
gotta get off my chest,
and if it got out, it could
destroy the whole wedding.

TODD: No, I'm not great with
sensitive information.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't know if I'm ready
to get married again.
Don't get me wrong. I love Diane so much.
I didn't have any doubts
until I realized she had doubts.
Then I figured she's smarter than I am.
Maybe she knows things I don't.

TODD: You are kind of unloading
a lot of sensitive information here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Sure, I think I'm ready to commit to Diane,
but I can't even commit to
my favorite type of stick.
Yes, today, it's short
and knobby, but tomorrow?

TODD: Well, sure, Diane is short,
but I don't know about knobby.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The last thing I want to do is hurt Diane,
but I keep having this
dream where she's gone.
There's no break-up, no tragedy.
She's just gone, and my
life continues without her.
And it terrifies me to say this,
but in the dream I feel... relief.
Hey, thanks for listening to all this.
You're a really good friend, Todd.

BOJACK: Since you weren't able to
give me any useful intel,
I had to offer up my restaurant,
but now, we're on my turf.
Time for operation "I don't."

TODD: Yeah, sounds good.

BOJACK: You know, with my knack
for coming up with plans and your ability
to hear them without contributing
more than three words at a time,
we make a pretty good team, don't we, Todd?

TODD: You said it.

BOJACK: See?

TODD: Margo Martindale?
I know her, but how? Wait.
She was at the convenience store
the night I bought that video game
and ruined my rock opera.
She's the one who asked me
to hand her that tape from the 10¢ bin.
That means Margo
Martindale likes tapes!
And a tape is something you listen to,
but tape is also a sticky thing
you can use to seal boxes.
Boxes is what cereal comes in.
What does it all mean?
Am I just grasping at straws?
Wait. Straws... That's it.
Straws are used to drink soda or water,
and plants need water.
And BoJack used Margo Martindale as a plant
at the bank and the convenience store,
which means... Ugh!
BoJack hired Margo Martindale
to make me find that video game
so he could kill my rock opera!
Aw, dude.

BOJACK: Rise and shine, Todd.

TODD: I didn't sleep.

BOJACK: Well, we're down to the
wire, but we still got
one more day to figure out
how to stop this wedding,
and I can't afford to waste
one second, so let's get...
Oh, shit. Forgot about jury duty.
Damn you, Tuesday BoJack.
Come on, come on, come on. Hurry up.
Sweet Jesus.
Some of us have weddings to ruin.
Mr. Peanutbutter.
There's my superstar.
How are you?
It's actually happening right now.
I ran out of time.
I was just trying to be a good friend
in my own shitty, ass-backwards way.
Diane deserves the best.
She's smart and kind and beautiful,
and it's gonna be mostly
synonyms from here on
if I keep going,
and I'm in love with her.
You're right, partly.
I've gotta tell her how I feel.
Okay, I'm gonna do it.
Good luck with your finger thing.
Todd, thank God you're here!
Did I miss it? Is it too late?

TODD: Dude. I'm done with this. No. No.
Mr. Peanutbutter's been nice to me.

BOJACK: Mr. Peanutbutter is nice to everybody.
That's what makes him so stupid.

TODD: No, I'm stupid.
But even I know that the only reason
you're doing this is because
you're in love with Diane.

BOJACK: Yes, that's right.
And I'm here to finally
tell her how I feel.

TODD: BoJack, she knows how you feel.

BOJACK: How? I barely just realized...

TODD: Hey, man, she made her choice.
Look around. This day
is not about you, okay?
So maybe you should just stop trying
to mess with other people's lives.

DIANE: I never thought
I wanted to get married.
It's so weird,
this idea of dedicating
yourself to something
for the rest of your life.
Like, how could you know, right?
But then I realized it's
okay to not know everything.
And some things take a leap of faith.
Mr. Peanutbutter, I want
to take that leap with you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Todd. Todd.
Thanks for hearing me out the other night.
I'm really glad I went through with this.
This is the happiest day of my life.

TODD: Always happy to be of service.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, and, um, I got you something.

TODD: Todd Chavez?
Hey. That name's my name.
What's "PB Livin'"?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: My film production
company. Read your title.

TODD: "Executive Vice President
of West Coast Operations."
Whoa! Does that mean I control the waves?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, it means you're my assistant.
You've got a big future ahead of you,
and I don't want you to
waste any time looking back.
So I got all my cars' mirrors taken off.

TODD: Isn't that kind of dangerous?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What do I care? I'm not driving.

DIANE: Hey, BoJack. Thanks for coming.
I wasn't sure you were gonna make it.

BOJACK:Wouldn't have missed it for the world.

DIANE: You're a good friend. I'm
really glad to know you.

BOJACK: Sorry that I...
If I made things weird.

DIANE: They weren't that weird.

BOJACK: Oh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, honey?

DIANE: Oh, I gotta go dance with my husband.
I'm married!

BOJACK: So you're the quote-unquote
person, singular,
that everyone's so crazy about.
What have you got figured out that I don't?
Yeah, I'm not seeing it.
But that doesn't matter.
Not everything's about me.
And maybe I am a little jealous.
Not because I actually want to
date Princess Carolyn anymore,
but just because I don't
like the idea that I can't.
I guess I just assumed I always could.
But I made a lot of bad decisions.
Not just with her. With...
with everyone, really.
You know, Princess Carolyn was right.
You are a good listener.
You know, sometimes I feel
like I was born with a leak,
and any goodness I started with just slowly
spilled out of me, and now it's all gone.
And I'll never get it back in me.
It's too late.
Life is a series of
closing doors, isn't it?
That actually feels kind of nice.
BOJACK: We're very different, but
I think that we bring out
the best in each other.
It's like you're chocolate
and I'm Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Am I an inspiration?
Well, that depends on how you define...
Wait a minute. Yes, I am.

BOJACK: Ugh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You know, I'm just over
the moon to be producing
this movie about my daring exploit.

BOJACK: Yes, your daring exploit.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yes.
It's such a treat to be
shooting in my very own casa.
And it's an even sweeter treat
to be played by my good amigo...
dare I say best amigo?

BOJACK: You "daren't."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We're so in tune.
We even finish each other's...
sentences.
Sometimes it doesn't happen.

BOJACK: It never...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Happens.
Ah, see? I'm inside him.

BOJACK: Well...
You want me to play Mr. Peanutbutter
in the story he stole from me?
I stole the D,
and then he stole my stealing of it.
That makes him an idea
thief, which is much less cool
than a thief thief, which is what I am
and what he also is.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You know what might help?
If you think about this like a professional
instead of a big titty baby.
This movie is a huge opportunity.
Quentin Tarantulino is known
for revitalizing dead careers.
This could do for you what Reservoir Dogs
did for Rin Tin Tin.

BOJACK: But isn't there any other part?
I could play myself.
No, BoJack's already being
played by Wallace Shawn.
What? The short guy from The Princess Bride
who says "inconceivable"?
Why Wallace Shawn?
Fine. I'll do the dumb movie.
But if you find me in a bathtub
with open wrists tomorrow
and the words "I hate my
agent" smeared across the walls
in blood, you'll know why.
So obviously I'm thrilled
to be here, just thrilled.

DIANE: I know you're just doing your job,
but I live here, and the crew
has been here since 3:00 a.m.,
so I'm a little tired.

BOJACK: Hey, stranger.
Haven't really seen you since the wedding.
Kind of feels like we're
coming back to school
after summer vacation.

DIANE: Yeah.
I'll see you at the pep rally.

BOJACK: Hope we don't get Mrs.
Kirkman for trig this year.

DIANE: Yeah, well, I hope the
cheerleaders don't stuff me
in a locker and write
"virgin slut" on my forehead,
and then when I ask how
I could be both a virgin
and a slut, they make me eat a lipstick.

BOJACK: Uh...

DIANE: So what have you been up
to these last couple months?

BOJACK: Well, I've been pretty busy.
Met a girl at Soho House.

DIANE: Was she your waitress?

BOJACK: Yes.
Then I met a girl at Mastro's.

DIANE: Was she also your waitress?

BOJACK: Yes.
Then I met a girl at P.F. Chang's.

DIANE: Let me guess. She was your...

BOJACK: A hooker, yes, but what
she really wants to do
is wait tables.

DIANE: Well, I, for one, would love to meet
the aspiring food-service worker
who finally gets you to settle down.

BOJACK: What? Why would I want to settle down?
I'm 50.
Yeah, anyway...

DIANE: So I'm sending the first draft
of the book to Pinky this afternoon.

BOJACK: What? It's done?

DIANE: Not yet. Almost.
I'm excited for you to read it,
but I'm also cripplingly nervous.
I actually kind of feel like throwing up,
but I can't throw up because
I haven't had anything to eat
because this lady won't
let me in my own kitchen.

BOJACK: Listen, if reading a book
you wrote is anywhere near
as great as it is to
actually spend time with you,
I'm sure it's gonna be wonderful.
Having said that, what
do I know about books?
I'm just a dumb actor.
It's been great.

DIANE: Um, thanks.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Right over here, Q.
Oh, you mean BoJack?
Ah, show business, the great equalizer.

TODD: Is that what it is?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd, spritz me.

TODD: Spritzing.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well spritzed.
Have you ever been on a movie set before?

TODD: No, sir, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Please, Mr. Peanutbutter
was my father's name.

TODD: Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And it's also my name!
Ooh, speaking of Mr. Peanutbutter,
I'll be back in a jiff, skippy.
Keep that air spritzed for me.
Aloha, kemosabe.
Hey, allow me to put on my producer hat
and produce you just for one second here.
I have a few notes on
how you're playing me.
Let's see.
Problems, problems,
problems, ah, here we go.
I find it really troubling
that my movie self
is wearing a crew neck T-shirt.
I only wear V-necks.
You see the problem.

BOJACK: I do not.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I just think if we're telling
the story, we should tell
it how it really happened.

BOJACK: Yeah, this whole story
isn't how it really happened.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Right...
because of the shirts.

BOJACK: Because I'm the one who stole the D.
I'm the real hero here.
My life is full of exciting adventures.
I should write a book.
Oh, wait. I did.
Suck on that, society.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, you're in a mood.
Perhaps the tightness of that crew neck
is cutting off circulation to the brain?
Let me talk to Donna in wardrobe.
We're gonna fix this, buddy.
Donna!

DIANE: What are you doing?
Is this really necessary?
That's not what I sound like.
When I was little, I dreamed of getting
a MacArthur grant for my
'zine about how all the girls
at school were bitches.
Look, the wedding was great.
But that's not real life.
I mean, I guess I got a happy ending,
but every happy ending has the day after
the happy ending, right?
And the day after that.
So the wedding was so much fun.
It was the happiest day of my life.
But, you know, what does that say
about all the days I have left?

BOJACK: Oh, Todd, glad you're here.
Hold this.
Todd, my jacket is on the floor.
You're supposed to hold the jacket
so it doesn't go on the floor.

TODD: Hey, sorry, BoJack... I
mean, uh, Mr. Peanutbutter.
But I work for Mr. Peanutbutter now.
I mean, uh, Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: Ugh.

TODD: I can't believe I'm on
a movie set, you know?
I mean, this is my first
chance to work on something big
since my rock opera fell apart.
Man, I really messed up
that huge career opportunity
all on my own, didn't I?

BOJACK: Uh...

TODD: Nothing sabotaged me one bit.

BOJACK: Yep.
You said it.

TODD: Well, see you later.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, craft services is in the kitchen.
Up the driveway, through
the living room, make a left.
Can't miss it.

TODD: Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Hey, maybe it make it more Diane-y?
I don't know.
This is probably stupid,
but the whole story's
about how this guy's in
love with this lady, right?
But we don't even know who
she is or what she wants.
I mean, maybe give her more lines or words
or, I don't know, feelings or whatever?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: He's new. He doesn't know the rules.
Forgive him, mighty Caesar.

TODD: What?
Oh!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Todd, talk to him about the wardrobe,
specifically the top half of the wardrobe,
specifically the shirt part of
the top half of the wardrobe,
specifically the neck part of
the shirt part of the wardrobe.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ugh. What now?

BOJACK: I'm sick of this dog and pony show.
The movie is dumb.
Mr. Peanutbutter is
annoying the shit out of me,
and there's too much
honeydew in the fruit bowl.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Blech. Honeydew is garbage fruit.

BOJACK: Also, why is BoJack being
played by an old, nebbishy
five-foot-tall
bald guy?
Is that how the world sees me?
I'm just glad my book's coming out soon
so people will get an opportunity to see
the real BoJack Horseman.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, are you coming out with a book?
You never mentioned it.

BOJACK: Plus, Todd's being super weird.
I think he's onto me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Onto you in regards to what?

BOJACK: Oh, right, I didn't tell you.
I sabotaged his rock opera
by getting him readdicted
to a video game because I
didn't want him to move out.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Jesus Christ, BoJack.

BOJACK: Anyway, I think he knows
and might be plotting
to sabotage me back.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why is it that 90% of our conversations
these days revolve
around plotting sabotages?

BOJACK:Are you saying I should
plot a countersabotage?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, no more plotting.
Just be a good soldier and do your job.
Nobody is out to get you.

BOJACK: What?
Todd.
True dat.
True dat.

DIANE: Uh, that all sounds great.
But, you know, the person you
should really be talking to
is that guy.

BOJACK: Yeah, okay, I'm done.

DIANE: Diane loves talking to him.
They have great rapport.
In fact, Diane could spend
all day talking to him
and never talk to me again.
Anybody else.

BOJACK: Hey, Todd, remember that time
when you wouldn't clean up your shit?
That was hilarious.
We've had some good times.

TODD: Oh. Hi.

BOJACK: So I was thinking, I have some...
pretty sloppy seconds
left over from P.F. Chang's
in the fridge, and I don't
think that I want it anymore.
Maybe tonight you could eat it.
Friendly gesture because we're friends.

TODD: Uh... I do.
I was just thinking, what if
we made the BoJack character
into a real shithead?

BOJACK: I don't think it's necessary.

TODD: Yeah, let's... Let's make
him be a real selfish asshole
so the audience has
someone to root against.

BOJACK: Now, when you say, "Give
BoJack more to do"...

TODD: And also, now that I'm thinking about it,
why does the movie have
to take place on Earth?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Honeydew?
More like, "Honey, do I enjoy eating it?
Yes, I do." Right?

BOJACK: Not right, and I would love to
go through all the reasons why,
but I've got bigger concerns right now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:  Honeydew, go on.

BOJACK: Did you notice
that the Mr. Peanutbutter
part has been cut in half?
What is happening to our movie?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I thought you hated the movie.

BOJACK: Yeah, I do, but if I'm
gonna be in a dumb movie
I hate that makes no sense,
I should at least be the star of it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Look, I agree that this
movie has really lost its way.
I mean, first of all,
why would Mr. Peanutbutter
wear a crew neck T-shirt?
And second of all, uh...

BOJACK: It's just the shirt, isn't it?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It doesn't make sense.
I'm a V-neck man.
A V you can put your sunglasses in.
Can you do that with a crew neck?
Because I'd like to see you tr...
Whoa.

BOJACK: Yeah, well, most of my
lines are, "True dat,"
but I guess it never hurts to practice.
True dat.
Well, I don't want to
overuse my catchphrase here,
but true dat.
Oh, puh-lease.
I'm so deep down a well of sadness
that Baby Jessica is like, "Damn."
What?
Oh. Okay. 
Pop this in a drawer.
Huh?
Oh, this is amazing.
Naomi, I haven't felt like this since...

DIANE: Hey, guys.
Hey, guys!
Wow, wow.
So you guys really hit it off, huh?
That's awesome.

BOJACK: Want to do some hand stuff in the bathroom
before we go down to set?

DIANE: Hey, so I finished the book
and sent the draft to the publishers.

BOJACK: What? My book is ready?
Let me read it. Can I read it?

DIANE: Call Pinky.
He'll probably send you a copy
as soon as he's done with it.

BOJACK: All right! You hang tight, baby.
I got an instant classic to read.
Keep the engine running, though,
because if I know me,
this book is gonna give me
a pretty big erection.

DIANE: Okay, enjoy! Keep an open mind.
You'll love it. It's a work in progress.

BOJACK: Pinky, it's me.
Let me read the book.
Give me, give me, give me.
Great. Send it over.
I'll read it right now.
To set my expectations sky-high?
Way ahead of you.
All right, book, let's see what you got.
BoJack, this is you.
One Trick Pony?
"The first time I met BoJack Horseman,
he was puking cotton candy off the deck
of his lavish house in the Hills,
the lights of the city twinkling below us.
The Make-A-Wish kids
will not soon forget
the time the great BoJack Horseman
referred to their parents as
'a bunch of used jizz bags.'
He filled the air with
words, terrified of silence,
as one often is who is
smart enough to recognize
his many personal failings
but unwilling or unable
to take the steps required to fix them.
Got out of the car, stepped
out toward the coast,
and looked across the water,
and for a moment, he said nothing."
What the shit was that?
What the shit is this?

DIANE: It's a phone. Well, a
tiny computer, really.
I mean, amazing what technology can...

BOJACK: You were supposed to ghostwrite my memoir,
but instead you wrote a
story about how you spent
six months with me and saw
what a big, dumb loser I am.

DIANE: Well, I realized that the best way
to fully capture you, warts and all...

BOJACK: This isn't warts and all. It's just warts.
Where's the all?
I come off like a total asshole.

DIANE: You come off as complex and deeply troubled
but ultimately sympathetic.
You might be too close to see that.

BOJACK: There's an entire chapter
about me eating apple fritters.

DIANE: You did go through that fritter phase.

BOJACK: Is this book how you see me?
That day we ran errands together,
I thought that we had a really good time,
but you just wrote about how I cried
because the dry cleaner
took my head shot down.

DIANE: You were very emotional.

BOJACK: They didn't even replace me with anyone.
Now it's just a faded spot
where my face used to be.

DIANE: This will actually do
wonders for your career.
Trust me.
I mean, you're just a dumb actor
who doesn't know anything
about books, right?

BOJACK: What?

DIANE: Remember? From before?

BOJACK: Oh, I don't think you understand
what's happening here.
This is not a casual
conversation between friends.
This is your boss telling his employee
that she did a bad job.
Try again.

DIANE: What?

BOJACK: Start over, but do it right this time.
Nobody is ever gonna see this.

DIANE: Ugh!
Hey, Wayne, you still work for BuzzFeed?
'Cause I got something that's gonna get you
a shit-ton of hearts or digs or smileys
or whatever the hell you
measure your journalism with.

BOJACK: True dat.
Come on, guys, this is ridiculous.
Is this even a movie anymore?

TODD: Oh, maybe it isn't a movie.
Yeah, or maybe it's just,
like, a feeling, you know?
Yeah, yeah.

BOJACK: Hello?
Are you just gonna leave me like this?
Anyone?
Oh, good. You're here.
This whole day's been a shit show.
The book turned out to
be a total hatchet job.
The movie's a disaster.
But thank God I have one
good thing in my life,
and that's you.
Please let me say this
before I lose my nerve.
I spent 50 years roaming the countryside
as a wild stallion, but
I am tired of the rodeo,
and I'm finally ready to saddle up.
I guess what I'm trying to say is,
this mustang wants to rest
his head in the comforts
of your spacious barn.
I'm in love with you, Naomi.
I'm so sorry.
But look at the bright side.
Now you and I can just hang
out and talk about feelings.
So I didn't fall in love with Naomi Watts?
Naomi what?
What's going on? Why are they packing up?

TODD: So many.

BOJACK: Those are the dumbest
words I've ever heard.

TODD: We thought, is it a high-end perfume?
A hat that if you turn it
upside down, it's a boat?

BOJACK: No, it's none of those things.
What am I looking at?

TODD: It is a bimonthly
curated box of snacks.

BOJACK: I don't know what that means.

TODD: I know. It's confusing.
Not the bimonthly that means twice a month,
the bimonthly that means every other month,
and each time it's a
different box of snacks.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You guys, finally, my story has been told.

TODD: Whoa!

BOJACK: Look, I get it.
You destroyed my big chance at a comeback
as revenge for what I
did to your rock opera.

TODD: Revenge? Oh, that would
have been such a good idea.
Damn it, Todd!
Look, I figured out what you did,
but I've been trying to put
it behind me and do my job.

BOJACK: So cutting my part down
was not about revenge?

TODD: No.

BOJACK: And making BoJack the villain of your movie
was not a coded statement
of your feelings about me?

TODD: No.

BOJACK: Oh, okay, great.
Well, I'm... I'm glad we buried the hatchet
and everything's cool.

TODD: Uh, actually, you know,
everything is not cool.
You ruined my rock opera
by using character actress
Margo Martindale to trick me
into playing an addictive video game.
And saying it all together like that,
it all sounds kind of ludicrous.
But still, it was something I cared about,
and what you did really hurt me.

BOJACK: Oh. Well, this feels shitty.
You sure you don't want to just
get some revenge real quick...
thump me once in the stones
and then we'll be even?

TODD: I got to go.
I've got some artisanal popcorns
to gauge the mouthfeel of.

BOJACK: Yeah?
Uh, sure.
Yeah, an apple fritter would be great.
Why? What... What... What's happening here?
"Five Shocking Facts From New BoJack Book"?
No. No!
Um, everyone, please
turn off your Internet.
It has gone bad.
I repeat, the Internet has gone foul.
Give me your phones. I'm a celebrity.
You have to listen to me.
Don't look at me. I'm well-adjusted.
You all want my life.
Uh, what the hell?

DIANE: I know, I know. But if
you just listen for...

BOJACK: You posted your dumb
little book on the Internet.

DIANE: No, I just leaked the
first couple chapters,
and people are already talking about it.

BOJACK: This is wildly unprofessional.
Who do you think you are?

DIANE: I know you're mad, and
you have every right to be,
but you got to read some of these comments.
People love you.
And they're gonna love you even more
when they read the rest of my book.

BOJACK: Your book?

DIANE: Our book.

BOJACK: Nobody is gonna read that book.
How do you still not get that?
It is never going to be published.

DIANE: BoJack, I stand by my work.
This is a really good book.
And if you just give it time, you'll see.

BOJACK: Maybe you're right.

DIANE: Really?

BOJACK: No. You're fired.
BOJACK: Okay, how about this one?
BoJack swallowed a dozen
pastries in the time it took
the caterer to unwrap a fruit tray.
When she asked where the pastries had gone,
BoJack claimed he had no idea,
spraying her with bits of buttery crust?

DIANE: See? People respond
to the flawed portrait I painted of you.
They see themselves in it.
Why do you love Secretariat?

BOJACK: Because he was awesome?

DIANE: No, because he was flawed.
BoJack, when people find
out that someone like you,
who seems larger than life,
is actually just as wounded
and vulnerable as they are,
it makes them feel less lonely.

BOJACK: No! Maybe that's what flawed,
sad fatties want from other celebrities,
but for BoJack Horseman,
they want a heroic
horse-stud who is awesome
and who can save them from
their flawed, sad, fatty lives.

DIANE: You're so wrong.

BOJACK: Actually, you know what?
Now that I think about it,
I think that you're so wrong!
The end of the week? No!

BOJACK: Okay, what if I told you that I could have
a new book for you by then?

DIANE: What?

BOJACK: Yeah, a better one.
Better stories, better told, by me...
straight from the horse's mouth.

DIANE: You're gonna write a
whole book in five days?
When's the last time you even read a book?
The Firm, by John Grisham?

BOJACK: Do you think what you do is so hard?
"I'm a writer.
I go to coffee shops with
my laptop and my notebook
and my dumb glasses that I have to wear,
because I'm so important
I need to see clearly."

DIANE: Well, I wish you the best of luck.

BOJACK: You know what your problem is?
You think you're so much
smarter than everybody.
Well, guess what.
I spent as much time with
you as you did with me.
Why don't I write a book about
how you married Mr. Peanutbutter
because he's too dumb to see how
much better you think you are?

DIANE: Okay, I know you're upset...

BOJACK: I'm not upset.
I'm just sick of nerd-girls like
you beating up on stars like me.
It's pathetic! I'm sorry no one wanted
to date you in high school, Diane,
but I don't see why I
have to suffer just because
you were never especially
pretty or interesting.

DIANE: You really let me down, BoJack.

BOJACK: You really let me down.
I apologize for her outbursts.
Damn right I can, so you
can throw this turd of a book
in the garbage and then
light the garbage on fire.
In fact, you can burn all
books, because my book,
written by me, is gonna kick your dick off.
Okay, chapter one.
Not quite right.
What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why are you rewriting the book, bozo?
Diane's version is great.
You're gonna lose gems like this one...
Ahem. "The only longstanding relationship
in BoJack's life is with
his agent, Princess Carolyn.
Her loyalty must come
from a deep-rooted faith
that she's talented enough
to sustain the career of a man
society perceives as a joke."

BOJACK: Yeah, I would say that
I'm not such a fan of that one.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Look, all publicity is good publicity.
That guy who killed all those
teachers and ate their fingers?
He just got married in jail,
and when this book comes out,
you could be that guy.

BOJACK: Don't you get it?
This is my last chance to
make people love me again.
If this goes out, everybody's
gonna see the real me.
Now, I spend a lot of
time with the real me,
and believe me, nobody's
gonna love that guy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay.

BOJACK: Now if you'll excuse me,
I need to go take a shower
so I can't tell if I'm crying or not.
All right, let's get to work.
I feel like we can beat this font.
Copperplate, a font
for the truly modern man.
Ha. No.
There you are, Verdana.
Thought you could hide at the
end of the alphabet, did ya?
Comic Sans, you drunk, go home.
3:10? I just spent six hours
playing with fonts? Holy shit!
Okay, focus BoJack, focus.
Here comes the focus.
Well, this can't be that hard.

DIANE: BoJack often felt the need
to impress me with material items.

BOJACK: You can see from the
teeny, tiny brush strokes,
that this is very expensive.
The color is, um... This one
they don't even have a name for,
that's how exclusive it is, and this...

DIANE: I wondered where this came from.
There were two obvious suspects.
His mother Beatrice,
heiress to the Sugarman Sugar Cubes fortune
and used to certain comforts,
and his working-class
father, Butterscotch Horseman,
who struggled, and often failed,
to provide those comforts.
Or, maybe it was something even...

BOJACK: Hey, Todd, Todd!

TODD: What? What?

BOJACK: Todd! Todd!

TODD: What? What?

BOJACK: Eyeballs here... Look at me. Look at me!
I need to work. I can't
afford to be distracted.
Don't distract me.

TODD: Fine.

BOJACK: Jesus, Todd!
Read louder much?

TODD: Sorry.

BOJACK: Sure, just drop Toaster Strudel crumbs
all over the floor, why don't you?
Guess I'll just clean them
up myself, like always.
I can't work like this.
Come on, come on, come on,
pick it up, you dumb vacuum.
I do not have time for this.
I need to write.
What the... Come on!
Seriously? You cannot be seriou...
God, why are you keeping me from writing?
My parents loved me so much, it was crazy.
I remember one Sunday
afternoon, my mother said,
"Your father and I want to spend
quality family time together.
All the kids in school
envy your intelligence
and kickball ability.
Here's an ice cream sundae."
No, wait.
"An ice cream sandwich."
No.
"A dreamsicle."
No. I don't know. This is dumb.
What did I do?
Just need something to help me focus.
Coffee.
No, no. Cigarettes.
No, tequila!
No, I just need the right music...
to do drugs to.
Sarah Lynn, I know things
got kind of out of hand
last time when I tried to
make you stop doing drugs.
So I just want to thank you
for coming over this time
to give me drugs.
These are gonna help me focus
and get work done, right?

TODD: That's exactly what he needs.
Also, I should probably do another one.

BOJACK: It's "Hu." Dr. Hu.
No, no, no, but I thought it
was "Who," like Doctor Who.
No, not H-U, but, "who,"
like, "Hello, who is it?"
Seriously? Am I the only one
who knows the extremely popular
BBC science fiction show
about the time traveling doctor
who saves civilizations?

TODD: Yeah.
I know what you're talking
about... Doctor Who.

BOJACK: No.
Yes, thank you. Doctor Who.

TODD: I saw the one where she
goes to the Wild West.
The Cheyenne called her Medicine Woman.

BOJACK: What? No, that's Dr. Quinn.

TODD: Who's Dr. Quinn?
I don't know.

BOJACK: When are these drugs going to kick in?
So... Gremlin rules?
All right, team, focus up.
We got a book to write.

TODD: Yeah, yeah. My God, this is so good.

BOJACK: Okay, Todd, how is it going
with the heartwarming anecdotes?

TODD: Great! I'm writing about that time
we officially became best friends.

BOJACK: Nice! Can you change best to pretty good?
Sarah Lynn, how's it coming
with the Horsin' Around years?
Great. Keep typing, monkeys.
If only Hulk Hogan could see us now, right?

TODD: What?

BOJACK: Because Sarah Lynn said
the thing about Hulk Hogan?
Right.
How we doing now?

TODD: Just about to send.

BOJACK: Nice.
Okay, this is great.
That puts us at 216 pages?
Holy shit, that's almost as
long as The Firm by John Grisham.

TODD: And we just needed to get to 200, right?

BOJACK: It's surprisingly literate
and insightful, but still fun.
It's a beach read you can
thumb through in a wing chair.
Can't believe Diane
thought this was so hard.
"My fingers are cramping
from all this typing.
It's like they're having their period."

TODD: Did Diane really say that?

BOJACK: No, but my fingers are cramping.
It's like they're having
their period, am I right?
Are you just laughing
so I'll leave you alone?

BOJACK: We just need a way to end this thing.
What should the ending be?

TODD: Maybe it was Earth all along.

BOJACK: Not that, but something like that.
Keep thinking.
I got it!
Did you guys switch clothes?

TODD: No.

BOJACK: What...
What?

TODD: Your idea for the ending.

BOJACK: What'd I say?

TODD: About Maine.
About how you end up in Maine.

BOJACK: Yeah, right, and when I get
too old to take care of myself,
I go for one last swim.
I know I can't make it back to shore.
I'm too weak, too tired.
So I just let the water take me under.

TODD: Eesh! Downer ending.

BOJACK: You got something better?

TODD: Yeah, I mean, if you want to, like, finish
finish the book, then you'd
have to, like, die tonight.

BOJACK: I love it. It's perfect.
We'll sell so many books.

TODD: Yeah. Yeah, kill BoJack!
Yes!
There it is! Yeah, gonna get you!

BOJACK: No, no, no, no...
Okay, so what did we learn?
We learned that if we're going to do drugs
we should do them at home where
it's safe to do them together,
right, Todd?

TODD: No!

BOJACK: Don't worry, guys.
I have this gun to keep
us safe from intruders.
And each other.

TODD: Wait, wait, wait.
Is that just your gun-shaped lighter,
or your lighter-shaped gun?

BOJACK: Busted! It's just a lighter.
Shit, I guess it's my gun.
Then what'd I do with my lighter?
And what did I give to that baby?

TODD: Ha, I have a gun, too.

BOJACK: Don't be a Silly Billy. That's a broom.
Wait, am I holding a gun?
Todd, are you holding a gun or a broom?

TODD: I can't tell anymore!

BOJACK: I guess we'll just have
to shoot them at each other
at the same time to find out!

TODD: Okay!

BOJACK: Todd, sh... Can I just
say... Todd, Todd, I need you...
I need you to shh. Listen, listen, Todd.
Okay, just to be totally
clear, we're shooting each other
to determine whether we're
holding guns or brooms, right?
Not because you're
still mad about the whole
me sabotaging you with the rock opera
and your live stream and suchety-such?

TODD: BoJack, shh, shh, okay, Bo?
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet.
As you know, I was hurt,
but then I realized
that's just how you are.
You know, and maybe I just
need to stop expecting you
to be a good person,
so that way, I won't
get hurt when you're not.

BOJACK: O... Okay.
Sarah Lynn is right.
You know, if we all had guns,
then no one would need a gun,
and we would all be safe.
My God.
I think we just solved
the gun crisis in America.

TODD: Let them eat guns!
Bang, bang, pow, pow, yeah, wow!

TODD: Now we just have to solve
the drug crisis in America.

BOJACK: Easy! We'll take them all.

TODD: Yes!

DIANE: BoJack?
Hey, sorry. You okay?

BOJACK: Yeah...

DIANE: Listen, I've thought
about it, and you're right.
Your memoir should be
a representation of you.
It's only fair you're happy
with how you're portrayed.

BOJACK: Really?

DIANE: Yeah.
And I want to help write a
book we can both be proud of.

BOJACK: My God. Thank you.
Thank you.
Are you okay?

DIANE: No!
Not this again!

BOJACK: What is happening!

DIANE: I ate too many pancakes!

BOJACK: Shit, I'm still tripping.

DIANE: Kiss me.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm Mr. Peanut... I'm Mr. Peanut...
I'm Mr. Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: What?
Whoa.
What the...
Whoa! Okay, stay calm.
I don't have outlines anymore. That's okay.
There's no boundary between me and space.
This is a thing that happens.
Shouldn't we help him?

DIANE: No, he loves treading water.

BOJACK: God.
My God. My God. My God.
Why is everyone laughing? What's so funny?
This is all I am and all I'll ever be.
What is it?
What?
No, no.

TODD: No?
Well, isn't it too late to say no, BoJack?
This is the road you chose.

BOJACK: I'm sinking, somebody help.
The floor is tar.
I can't, I'm stuck.
Do they have Pinkberry in Maine?
I can't!
I can't.
But I don't feel like singing.
No.

DIANE: Hey.
What seems to be the problem?

BOJACK: Good grief. I'm so depressed.
I just want everyone to love me,
but I don't know how to make them do it.

DIANE: You can't force love, you blockhead.
All you can do is be good
to the people in your life,
and keep your heart open.

BOJACK: I screwed it all up.
It's too late for me, isn't it?

DIANE: I don't know.
I'm just a crazy drug hallucination.
I'll say whatever you want me to.

BOJACK: Then tell me it's not too late.

DIANE: Well, it's not too late.
It's never too late.

BOJACK: Yeah, that's right.

DIANE: It's never too late
to be the person you want to be.
You need to choose the life you want.
That'll be 5 cents please...

BOJACK: Yes, dear?
Ran into Ed at the hardware store.
He said we're in for some weather.
What the hell does that
mean? "Some weather."
We're always in for some weather.
Guess what, Ed? There's never not weather.
Come on, I can't help it.
It's just so cute how
they do it automatically.
How do they know?
Oh man, can we just stay exactly like this
for the rest of our lives, please?
What? That's amazing.
Is it weird that I want to
make love to you right now?
I don't know, it's... I
don't want to spook the baby.
Maybe we should just
do mouth and hand stuff
for the next nine months.
Oh I think someone's awake.
Yes, Gooby Girl, Dada's coming.
I'm gonna eat your finger.
Yum, yum, num, num.
Harper?
They're still there.
We just can't see them
because the sun is shining.
Harper?
Well, that depends.
Do you love cookies, and
the color green, and braids?
Well, then, your application
has been submitted
and is pending board approval.
Approved!
She grew up so fast.
Honey, a Vespa is not a motorcycle.
What are you thinking about?
Oh... What? Where?
Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, I read the pages
you sent me last night,
and I have to tell you,
your book is absolutely,
without a doubt, the most...
gibberish.
It's gibberish.

BOJACK: What day is it?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Let's see what you got here.
You got 20 pages of Doctor
Who erotic fan fiction,
a recipe for soup, five different theories
about how 9/11 happened,
and a bunch of embedded YouTube videos
that can't possibly be
printed in book form.

BOJACK: Okay, I gotta go.
Yeah, I got a question.
My question is for Diane.
Look, I'm sorry about all the
stuff I said about you earlier.
We can publish the book you wrote.
You're obviously a better writer than I am,
and I don't actually even really care
what the world thinks about me anymore.
I just hated reading that book
because I hated feeling
like that's how you saw me.
Because I guess you know
me better than anybody,
and if you think that...
Um, I guess my question is, do you...
Do you think it's too late for me?

DIANE: What?

BOJACK: I mean, am I just doomed
to be the person that I am?

DIANE: The... The person in that book?

BOJACK: It's not too late for me, is
it? It's... It's not too late...
Diane, I need you to tell
me that it's not too late.

DIANE: BoJack, I...

BOJACK: I... I need you to tell me
that I'm a good person.
I know that I can be
selfish and narcissistic
and self-destructive,
but underneath all that,
deep down, I'm a good person,
and I need you to tell
me that I'm good, Diane.
Tell me, please, Diane.
Tell me that I'm good.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And the Golden Globe for
Best Comedy or Musical
goes to BoJack Horseman, my friend,
for his book One Trick Pony.

BOJACK: Wow, what an honor.
I have to thank the Hollywoo Foreign Press.
I feel like I should mention
that my book was not a comedy or a musical.
Do you guys actually watch
the movies you give awards to?
'Cause I kind of get the sense that...
Also, my book was not a
movie. You do know that, right?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We're friends.

BOJACK: Anyway, the response to this
book has been incredible.
These last three months
have been really amazing.
You know, a lot of people said to me,
"You sure you want to publish this book?
It's pretty personal."
And I said, "If I can make
just one person out there
feel a little less alone,
then it's all worth it."
And they said, "That's really brave."
And I said, "Well, I'm not
one to call myself brave,
but since you said it, yeah, I am."
After-party at my restaurant!
Why did I say after-party
at my restaurant?
I do not want to throw a party.

TODD: It did seem unlike you. I'm
gonna go get some cotton candy.
You want some?

BOJACK: No.
Yes.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: There he is, man of the hour.
Cheer up, dummy. Your
book is a huge success.
Everybody loves you. You
just won a Golden Globe.
If you can't be happy tonight,
maybe you'll never be happy again.

BOJACK: I'm sorry, is that
supposed to be encouraging?
Because it's super-bleak.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:  Vincent Adultman...
how are things at the old nine to five?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I keep telling him he works too hard.
Come on, Vincent, let's
get away from the rat race.
Take a cruise someplace wet and Latin.
I mean, can you imagine
this body in a swimsuit?

BOJACK: I literally cannot.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Vincent, let's do a lap.
Have you met Brendan Fraser?
I feel like you two would love each other.

BOJACK: I got to hand it to Diane.
This book has been everything
she said it would be.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, she knows what she's doing.

BOJACK: How is Diane? I haven't seen her since...
Well, I haven't seen her in a while.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, the book's
been huge for her, too.
She's practically as famous as I am now.
We're like the Brangelinas.

BOJACK: Well, I'm happy she's happy.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And how are you?

BOJACK: Well, it's been really hard...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Erica, is that you? Who let
you out of the burn ward?
Get over here, you.

BOJACK: It is?
Yeah, definitely. So profound.
Do you want to get out of here?
Come back to my place, maybe
get a little more naked,
honest and revealing?
What about you?
Whoa.

BOJACK: Hello.
Okay.
Okay.
Wow, that sounds amazing.
But that's not usually the
kind of thing I write about.
Well, I am a morning person.
Oh yes, of course.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You want to spend three months in Sudan?

DIANE: Not just there. We're also
going to Haiti and Thailand
and Uganda and Chechnya.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can't you do all that in L.A.?

DIANE: I want to do something important.
I want to help people and do good work
and sleep on the ground
and poop in a bucket.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Honey, nobody wants to poop in a bucket.

DIANE: Maybe I do. Maybe I
want to poop in a bucket.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: If you want to poop in a
bucket, we can get you a bucket.
You don't have to go all
the way the Chechnylavakia.
Am I saying that right?

DIANE: It's not just the pooping in a bucket.
I think it might be good
for me to get out of L.A.
for a little bit.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Sweetie, you know I support
you, whatever you want to do,
but you're not gonna find
what you're looking for
in these awful made-up places.
The universe is a cruel, uncaring void.
The key to being happy
isn't a search for meaning.
It's to just keep yourself
busy with unimportant nonsense,
and eventually, you'll be dead.

DIANE: Well, I guess I can keep my options open.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Great.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, can I ask you something?
Did Vincent seem extra
weird to you last night?

BOJACK: Well, he's still three kids
in a trench coat, so, no.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We're going through a rough
patch. It's hard, you know.
He's works a full time job
at the business factory,
so when he gets home,
he just wants to unwind
by watching R-rated movies.
I thought I was ready
for a real adult relationship,
but...
Enough about me. BoJack, you are on fire.

BOJACK: Are we talking about me again?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We have an offer on the table
for you to play the bad guy
in the new James Bond.
I agree. Total garbage.
But this, it's a new drama
from the Coen Brothers.
A western about a one-horse
town and you're the horse.
Hello, Oscar. What do you think?

BOJACK: I think now's the time to
finally make "Secretariat."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Really? Now? Aren't you a
little, um, very too old?

BOJACK: You asked me what I wanted
to do. That's what I want.
That's all I've ever wanted,
and if I can't get it now,
then all of this has been for nothing.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Fish. Of course!
Why would you ever make things easy for me
when instead you could make
things incredibly difficult?
Laura, clear out the rest of my day.
I have to push a boulder up a hill,
and then have it roll
over me time and time again
with no regard for my well-being.

BOJACK: Attagirl.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right, Todd. PB
Livin' needs a new project.
Bi-Monthly Curated Box of Snacks
has been an enormous success,
but I got into this game to make movies,
so let's make a movie.

TODD: Well, I got a stack of great scripts here.
Any one of them would
make a wonderful movie.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Fantastic.

TODD: But I also have this other
non-movie-related idea.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ooh, let's hear the other idea.

TODD: Okay. I was heading down Wilshire,
and I saw this empty
store front, and I thought,
"You know what this world needs?"

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Edge of my seat over here.

TODD: A store where people
can buy Halloween stuff.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Halloween store. Feel
like that's been done.

TODD: Yeah, in October,
but how come your never see
a Halloween store in January?
It's an untapped market.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah.
A Halloween store that's open year-round.

TODD: No, no. Just January.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Brilliant.
That's the kind of idea
that wins Golden Globes.

BOJACK: Lenny, look, I know I'm a
little long in the tooth,
but I think that you more than anyone
would know not to count out an old pro.
Just set the project up
and give me an audition.
That's all I ask.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Shh. No, no, no.
Put it here. Put it here.

TODD: Okay, I'll do it.
Ahem.
Has this ever happened to you?

BOJACK: Has what ever happened to me?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd?

TODD: Yes, Mr. Peanutbutter?

BOJACK: What's going on? Why are
you talking like that?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd, I just got a phenomenal idea
for a Halloween costume.
Why don't you and I dash
over to the store right quick
and spend some hard-earned American money?

TODD: But, Mr. Peanutbutter, didn't you hear?
It's January, and the
Halloween store won't open
for another nine months.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But I want satisfaction now.

TODD: Has this ever happened to you?

BOJACK: Not to anyone ever at any time.

TODD: Ahem. We give you Halloween in January,
a truly immersive Halloween experience
for the rest of us.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Halloween in January? Please elaborate.

TODD: Okay, but before I do, tell the audience.
Have we ever met before?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Never.

TODD: Well, according to facts,
there's more suicides in January
than any other month.

BOJACK: I'm getting pretty close over here.

TODD: Also, there's less Halloween
stores. Coincidence?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow, I'm convinced. This
store could save lives.

BOJACK: Unbelievable. When your powers combine...
you are somehow even more stupid
than the sum of your stupids.

TODD: Thank you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Go on.

BOJACK: You stop encouraging him
and you stop encouraging him.
The two of you are playing with fire.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: A fire called Having a Good Idea.

TODD: Or maybe a fire called Friendship.

BOJACK: Fires aren't called things.

TODD: What about the Chicago fire?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Or Fire Island.

TODD: Or Gabe.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Who's Gabe?

TODD: Just a fire I met once. Named him Gabe.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: He sounds delightful.

TODD: He was. Good guy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Business, business, business.
Is that all you ever think about?
What's under that coat, Vincent?
You need to let me in.
It's always guys in places with you.
You know, I thought I
wanted to date a real adult,
but I'm actually young at heart.
I need to feel the grass between my toes.
I want to wear jeans. I want to dance.
That's baby stuff.
There's more to being an adult
than just work and business
and the tall-person rides at
Disneyland. I want to have fun.
There has to be a difference
between monogamy and monotony.
Well, clearly we had a
different understanding
of what this was.
I'd like to be an adult about
this, but frankly, I'm hurt.
I think you should just go,
just git. Get out of my life.
Okay.

BOJACK: I really appreciate you
giving me this opportunity.
Secretariat was kind of my hero as a kid.
Well, you know, here was
a guy who had everything...
Great. Let's get to it.
Not today, ma'am.
Today I'm just a customer
who wants a warm slice of pie.
You want to know the truth?
Nothing.
No, I'm running from nothing.
I'm terrified of nothing.
People come up to me,
they want my autograph,
they want my picture.
They think they recognize something in me,
and I want to be that person
they think I am, but I'm not.
They see a greatness in me, and
they mistake it for goodness,
but I... I know there's nothing there.
As fast as I run, I
can't get way from that.
Andrew...
Garfield!

DIANE: Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane, it's Princess
Carolyn, BoJack's agent.

DIANE: Yeah, I know who you are.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm the pink cat, the one
who used to date BoJack.

DIANE: We've met a lot of times.
You came to my wedding.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, the Turteltaub Company
is making a movie about Secretariat.
And since you're such an expert,
they want to bring you on
board as a character consultant.

DIANE: What does that mean?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's the cushiest job in the world.
You sit in a fancy chair
and eat pastries all day.
And then once a week, you say,
"Secretariat wouldn't do that."

DIANE: I don't know. I've already
been offered this other thing.
And did you know there
are orphans in Sudan...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You take this job, you can
buy all the orphans you want.

DIANE: No, I don't want to buy them.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Look, if you really want to help people,
it doesn't hurt to have a
little money in your pocket.
Take the job now, help the orphans later.
There's always later.
Okay, talk it over with your husband.
I got to go get my whiskers trimmed.
I run into walls for days, but I look hot.

BOJACK: How's the pie here?
Well, I'll take all you got.
Screw it. Throw it in
a bowl with some bourbon
and bring me a
ladle.

TODD: BoJack, we notice you've been
pretty down in the dumps lately,
but we have something that we
think is going to cheer you up.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's an exciting new business venture
that's equal parts new and exciting.

BOJACK: Another one? What happened
to your Halloween store?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What now?

TODD: Right.
The Halloween store.
We took the floor out
because Mr. Peanutbutter kept
scratching up the hardwood,
and then... Did we ever
get the new floor installed?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Anyway, now we're all about smoodies.

BOJACK: What?

TODD: Smoodies.

BOJACK: You're saying smoothies, right? Smoothies.

TODD: No. Smoodies.
It's a mood that you drink like a smoothie.

BOJACK: I don't understand it.
How do you drink a mood?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Like a smoothie.

BOJACK: So it is a smoothie.

TODD: No, it's a smoodie...
A mood that you drink.

BOJACK: How do you drink a mood?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Like a smoothie.

BOJACK: But do you buy it in a store?
What're the physical attributes?

TODD: We haven't worked out all the kinks yet,
but the important thing
is we've gone public,
and we want you to get
in on the ground floor.

BOJACK: See, that's the problem
with all your ideas...
they don't have ground floors.

TODD: Anyway, our launch party's tonight,
and we'd love it if you came.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We spared no expense...
that's how confident we are in our product.

BOJACK: Your product... Smoodies.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yes.
Wait, did you say smoodies or smoothies?
Because we only make...
Which one do we make?

TODD: I'd like to think the smoodies make us.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I can tell by your tone
that that was something smart.
Todd, it is all happening.

TODD: Hooray. And you know I don't
throw that word around lightly.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right. Now we just
got to make sure we focus
and actually follow through on this.
I'd feel awful if this
great idea fell apart
because we got distracted
by something else,
as we are often wont to do.

TODD: Wait, did you say you
feel awful or falafel?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I said, "Feel awful,"
but tell me more about this falafel idea.

TODD: Falafel or fawaffle?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, isn't this
exciting? Smoodies, right?

BOJACK: Do you even know what a smoodie is?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I think it's some kind of an adult onesie.
Whatever it is, I'm trying new things.
I'm single again, and I'm loving it.
Let me repeat...
Vincent. Well, you've got
some nerve showing your face.
I've got half a mind to...

BOJACK: Okay, here we go.
What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Vincent.
Let's.

BOJACK: Hello?
What's up?
What? Are you serious?
I am. I will. I can. I do.
Yeah?
Hey.

DIANE: Hey.

BOJACK: Not big on parties?

DIANE: Nah. I never know what to do with my hands.

BOJACK: I think I just got cast in Secretariat.

DIANE: That's amazing.

BOJACK: It's everything I ever wanted.

DIANE: Yeah, you seem super-jazzed.

BOJACK: What do I do now?

DIANE: Well, that's the problem with life, right?
Either you know what you want,
and you don't get what you want,
or get what you want, and then
you don't know what you want.

BOJACK: Well, that's stupid.

DIANE: Yeah.
I don't know if this makes
you more or less excited,
but I actually decided to take
a job on the Secretariat movie
as a character consultant.
Wow, so we're gonna be
working together again.

DIANE: Yeah. I hope you don't get sick of me.

BOJACK: I don't think that's gonna happen.

DIANE: Is it weird I took this job?

BOJACK: Why would it be weird?
You literally wrote
the book on Secretariat.

DIANE: Yeah, I know. I just...
When I first moved to L.A...
I thought I was gonna be
doing really important work.
You know, writing stuff
that makes a difference.
But then you kind of fall into
one thing and then another...

BOJACK: Well, you've got time.
There's always later, right?

DIANE: Yeah, I guess there's always later.
Do you remember the last time I saw you?
You asked me if I thought you
were a good person deep down?

BOJACK: Do I remember that? Yeah, vaguely.

DIANE: You caught me off guard.
I didn't know what to say.

BOJACK: Well, do you think I'm a
good person... deep down?

DIANE: That's the thing. I don't
think I believe in deep down.
I kind of think all you are
is just the things that you do.

BOJACK: Well, that's depressing.
For what it's worth,
I think your writing
does make a difference.

DIANE: Thanks.

BOJACK: I really wanted you to like me, Diane.

DIANE: I know.

BOJACK: Kids, kids, I don't need a present.
I got everything I need right here.
Come here, you goofball.
Really?
Huh.
BOJACK: I know. I know.
I will.
I can change and I will change.
I can change and I will change.
You're an audiobook.
People all need to see.
Yeah, a little to the right.
No, house right.
That's an acting term.
It means left. I'm an actor.
No.

TODD: BoJack, why did I wake up in an alley?

BOJACK: I had to get rid of the old couch, Todd.

TODD: While I was sleeping on it?

BOJACK: The couch was a metaphor
for my old attitude.
My audiobook told me I had to let go
of the burdens of my life sofa.
Oh, you know what?
Maybe it was "my life so far."

TODD: I still feel like
you could've woken me up first.

BOJACK: Todd, no one can wake anybody else up.
You need to wake yourself up.

TODD: I don't know if I trust this new guy.
I'm just gonna go sleep in your car.

BOJACK: Uh-oh. I think someone needs a FAB.

TODD: A FAB?

BOJACK: FAB, stands for fresh active BNA.

TODD: BNA?

BOJACK: Brand-new attitude. Try to keep up.
ATTITUDE stands for attention to--

TODD: Did you also get rid of my stuff?
Where's my duffel bag?

BOJACK: I value you.
Hashtag "thank you for being a friend."
Hashtag "PANTS."
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, this is the worst.
This feels awful.
Why does anybody run?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: And she had no idea
that her boyfriend was the strangler.
I guess some people just see what
they wanna see, right, Vincent?

BOJACK: Hey, Princess Carolyn.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I gotta go.
One of my dumb-ass clients is here.

BOJACK: Just out for a jog, thought I'd say hello.
I jog now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You jogged here from Laurel Canyon?

BOJACK: I drove, but I moved my arm a bunch,
so the Fitbit counted the miles.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Thank you, Stuart.
I said "latte."

BOJACK: What happened to Laura?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Assistants are like Belushi brothers.
Good ones leave too soon,
bad ones never go away.

BOJACK: It's a beautiful day, though, right?
Every morning is a miracle.
Hashtag "miracle."
Hashtag "every morning."
Hashtag "every morning is a miracle."
Hashtag "BoJack thoughts."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm glad you found your bliss, but are you
ready for your first day on set tomorrow?

BOJACK: You mean, am I amped?
Because I am so pumped.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This Secretariat movie is a big deal.
Please do not blow it.

BOJACK: Why would I blow it?
I have a brand-new attitude.
You know, when I won that Golden Globe
last month, I went to a very dark place.
I was in a hole.
And I realized, "I can wallow
in this hole or I can change."
While I was tempted to go with the former,
sometimes the only way out of a hole
is a latter.
No pun intended.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You clearly intended that pun.

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn,
you gotta believe in the AHP of TPE. Huh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Uh-uh. I'm not asking.

BOJACK: The awesome healing power--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I am not asking.

BOJACK: of total positive energy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You should leave because
I'm about to pretend to get a phone call.
Hello? No, he's still here.
No, he's not taking the hint somehow.

BOJACK: Mm-hm.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Honey, where's my bandana?

DIANE: You chewed it up,
we had to throw it away, remember?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, not that one.
The one with the bones on it.
With the meat juice stains?
The one I wore to the Emmys.

DIANE: I don't know. I gotta go.
BoJack's gonna be here any minute.
Did you check the hall closet?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I can't see anything in this stupid thing.

DIANE: I know, Mr. Peanutbutter.
But you gotta keep it on
for one more week.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I look like an idiot.

DIANE: You look very responsible.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is the bandana doing anything?

BOJACK: Hey, work buddy,
first day on the job, huh?
Hashtag "great day to start fresh
at a new job, sincerely, BoJack."
@Diane.

DIANE: Can't believe you wanted to carpool.

BOJACK: Gotta save the planet, Diane.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, is that BoJack Horseman?
I don't know because I have no peripheral
vision. Going off of smell here.

BOJACK: Mr. Peanutbutter, how the hell are you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Loving it, buddy. Loving life.

BOJACK: Brother, I am right there with you.
I got a brand-new attitude
and I am also loving life.

DIANE: Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, look at us.
A couple life-lovers over here.

DIANE: Uh...

BOJACK: Is that a new cone? Looking sharp, PB.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It is a new cone.
Is it obvious I'm wearing a cone?

BOJACK: Didn't notice.
You've got the smile of a winner.

DIANE: What's going on?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I have to wear the cone
so I don't gnaw on the stitches I had
to get when I punched a mirror last week.
I got drunk and thought my reflection
was another dog.
I was so mad at that other dog.
He was wearing my clothes.

BOJACK: Hey we've all been there brother.

DIANE: I don't understand what's happening.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Did someone say something to the left?
Diane, is that you?

BOJACK: Hey, why don't we just us two schedj
a hang for this 'kend?
"'Kend" is how I say weekend now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, I love that. And I got a pair of tix
to the 'Stones show this 'kend.
Wanna go?

BOJACK: The Rolling Stones?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? Oh, no, no, no.
The Mighty Mighty Bosstones.

BOJACK: I'm not really familiar with that outfit,
but I do love trying new things.

DIANE: Who are you?

BOJACK: Anyway, we gotta get to work.
It was really great talking to you,
Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right, break a leg, good buddy.
Diane, BoJack's ready to go.
Where are you, sweetheart?
Are you ready?

BOJACK: Happiness is a metaphor--

TODD: Where are we going?

DIANE: Oh, my God.

BOJACK: Hey, man.
Corduroy Jackson-Jackson.
Oh, right, the underwear guy.
Hey, man, that's
fantastic/great/I-ran-out-of-things.

DIANE: Hi. Kelsey Jannings?
I'm Diane.
I'm here to be a character consultant.
I got a call from the studio.
This cable?
What?
Oh. Sorry.

TODD: I just--
Thank you.
Whoa.

BOJACK: Guys, could I get
everyone's attention, please?

DIANE: Oh, watch out for the cable.
Don't trip over the cable.

BOJACK: I just want everyone to know
what an honor it is to be here.
Secretariat has always been
a personal hero of mine.
A complex role that requires
a precise touch and a deft hand
and I just can't wait to tackle it
head-on.
It's truly an honor.
Namaste.
You got it.
What are you doing here?

DIANE: Hello?
Sebastian,
I know you're doing important work.
I couldn't just drop everything
and fly to the Third World.
I just got married, and
I know, and I'll be there in three months,
as soon as I'm done on the movie.
This is also important.
In a way.
Yep. Lucky me.

BOJACK: Oh, sure. Yeah, sad. Of course. Duh.
What are you doing here?
That was bad. I know that was bad.
Let's keep it rolling.
Okay.
What are you doing here? Did we get it?
I can tell by your face that we didn't.
All right, let me try again.
What are you doing--?
I am having trouble with the words.
Is it okay if I play around with it a bit?
When did you get here?
Sorry, no. Got it. Got it. Got it.
Man, these lights are bright, huh?
Can we kill these lights at all?
Is that a--?
Okay, I'm sad.
I'm sad. Acting sad.
Secretariat is sad.
Okay, here we go.
I'm sad!
Sorry, what was the line?

DIANE: I don't know if this helps or not,
but when Secretariat was a kid
he actually

BOJACK: So, let me get this straight.
Bad means good?
That's your takeaway?
That your son's TV show wasn't Ibsen?
That's Yeah Are you--?
Can you check on our drinks?
I would love some gin. Well that's not--
And you've always been a pillar of support.
Gin, please? Is there gin coming?
Yes, a T-shirt.
That is the worst thing that's happened to anyone
in a theater.
Here we go.
Vodka? Triple sec?
Looking for any alcohol.
As long as one of us dies,
that's good enough.
Can we please get some alcohol
into my mouth?

DIANE: Hey, do you wanna talk?

BOJACK: Talk? Why? Why would we do that?
So you can put everything
in a book and sell a million copies?

DIANE: Wow. Uh...

BOJACK: That's what the old me would have said.
The new me doesn't hold a grudge.
No.

DIANE: I gotta say,
the new you seems a little on edge.

BOJACK: What? Me?
I'm as cool as The Fonz in a meat locker.
That's a metaphor, Diane.

DIANE: Actually it's a simile.

BOJACK: Goddamn it.
Oh, okay. Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Small talk, small talk, small talk.
Are you blowing it?
I heard you're blowing it.

BOJACK: What? Who told you that? Was it Todd?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You gotta turn this ship around, BoJ.
If you don't--
Hey, can you hold on a second?
I'm getting another call.
Well, if it isn't my friend, Rutabaga,
the boy prince of the 26th floor.
Okay, you gotta
keep this close to the vest
but I am inches
from getting Emily VanCamp
the lead in Goose Van Sant's
new movie about Jackie O.
You're not so bad yourself, Rutabaga,
for a 26er. 

BOJACK: I don't think she's coming back to this call.

TODD: Could we keep it down
in the front, please?
Thank you.

BOJACK: What am I gonna do?

DIANE: Well, you were an actor for nine years
on Horsin' Around. How did you do that?

BOJACK: Uh... Hey, can I talk to you for a minute?
Am I-- Am I a clown?
But I am a good actor, right?
Hitting your mark, saying your lines,
loudly with good diction.
Should I be doing more?
To capture the character
and make the audience connect?
Oh, shit. I'm not an actor.
All this time, I assumed there was more
to me than everyone thought
but maybe there isn't.
That's the part where you're supposed
to disagree with me.

DIANE: Oh, right.
Well, you got the part, didn't you?
What did you do in the audition?

BOJACK: Well, how should I know?
That was the old me.
Now I've got a brand-new attitude.
Oh, God. Okay. Okay.
What should I do?
Make a break for it? Drive to Mexico?
Start a new life there?
Meet a local girl? Fall in love?
Talk my way into a job at a textile plant?
Work my way up until I own the place?
What am I talking about?
I can't run a textile plant.
Too much responsibility. What am I
gonna do? The walls are closing in!

DIANE: BoJack, breathe. You can do this.
You have two days.
Maybe you could hire an acting coach.

BOJACK: Yeah?

DIANE: Yeah.
Plus, you can watch old
Secretariat videos.
I've got a hard drive full of research.

BOJACK: Yeah. Yeah, you're right.
You're right. I can do this.
I've got two whole days.
And when the pressure's on,
that's when I shine.
Yeah. Two days.
I can do all those things.
Oh, shit. I didn't do any of those things.
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
No?
Really?
What?
Wait, which Belushi?
I gotta go on Kimmel now?
What if he makes me read a mean tweet?
I'm not emotionally prepared.
I don't know. I thought I wanted this,
but now I'm feeling all this pressure.
Think you made a mistake, hiring me?
It's Command-Z.
I'm trying to have this new attitude,
be this better, more positive guy.
I keep thinking about how this movie
is my last shot at happiness.

TODD: Aw.

DIANE: Yes.
Yes. I am a writer. What do you need?
Oh. Yeah. Okay.

BOJACK: What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So, I went a little overboard
and I made you two mixes.
The first CD is all Mighty Mighty.
The second CD is all of the Bosstones'
side projects and solo singles.
Listen to it and imagine the band
never took that hiatus
in the mid-aughts
when America briefly lost interest in ska.

BOJACK: I don't have time.
I don't wanna listen to your music.
I don't wanna hang out.
Get out of here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right. You don't wanna listen
to Bosstones together.
That's the impression that I get.
Is it the impression that I get?

BOJACK: Yes. That's the impression that you get.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I see. Way to go, Mr. Peanutbutter.
What a stupid move. Why did you--?

TODD: BoJack, listen, I know you're scared,
but it's gonna be okay.
You gotta be strong.

BOJACK: Yeah, but--

TODD: You gotta rise to the occasion, okay?
So what if the new couch is weird?
Or lumpy?

BOJACK: Uh, what?

TODD: What are you gonna do?
Just sleep in BoJack's car forever?

BOJACK: Are you talking to me, or you--?

TODD: Damn it, time to stop being a coward.
It's time to go home
and sleep on BoJack's couch. Hurray!
Happy ending for Todd!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Charley. Listen, I wanted to touch base
about Emily's start date on Jackie O.
Are you saying the Van Sant camp
wants t  recant on VanCamp?
Because they can't.
Charley, you better get your client
to change his mind
or I'll walk up to the 28th floor and--
What?
I know you're there, Charley.
I'm not gonna leave a message.
Hey, Charley, Princess Carolyn again.
Listen--
What? Mailbox full?
Wait-- No--
Rutabaga, this is not a good time.
How did you like the opera?
I put that movie together for my client.
Carolyn? I only heard one stomp.

BOJACK: What do you want, Mom?
Do you need more blood?
Oh.
That was a diary.
Mom--
What?
Lubitsch?
What are you doing here?
BOJACK: So, at the end of the day,
I'm just a regular guy trying
to live a regular life.
Uh, yes, I remember that.
Why do you remember that?
What? No.
We don't need to dwell on the past.
Uh... No.
No, I don't need--
That's not-- Ugh...
No, everything is not all right.
This table's been wobbling all evening.
If I wanted to flop around and get seasick
for an hour, I'd call your mother.
Something in that area or...?
What are you doing?
No, I wanted you to leave more quietly.
Some of us here are trying
to forget you exist.

TODD: Uh, yes.
Aw, okay.

BOJACK: Hey, Todd, can you drive me
to get my car?
I wanted to be responsible last night,
so I Ubered home
and left my car in the fountain.

TODD: Sorry, BoJack.
I gotta get ready for my grand opening.
It's finally happening. My Disneyland.

BOJACK: I realize that by saying "what"
I might set off a chain of events
whereby we continue this conversation,
but what?

TODD: Well, remember when I first moved in
and I kept asking
if we could go to Disneyland?

BOJACK: I do not.

TODD: And then you said
that there was no Disneyland.

BOJACK: No.

TODD: That Disneyland was a made-up lie,
like the tooth fairy, that parents use
to get their kids to behave.

BOJACK: Oh, yeah, that shut you up.

TODD: Sure did.
But then I thought,
why isn't there a Disneyland?
People would love it!
So, I took matters into my own hands,
and over the last five years,
I built my own Disneyland.

BOJACK: You've been doing this for five years?
How have you never mentioned it?

TODD: I bought that cheap plot of non-arable
dirt by the toxic waste dump
up the hill from the old fire station.

BOJACK: Okay, Todd.

TODD: I'm gonna build a Disneyland.

BOJACK: Sounds great, champ.
If it wasn't for that,
she never would've gotten sober.

TODD: Just finished drawing up blueprints
for that Disneyland I'm building.

BOJACK: Kind of busy here, Todd.
So, it turned out to be a good thing
I peed in her car.

TODD: Sorry for all the noise.
Got this crew of worker bees
to help me build my Disneyland.

BOJACK: Okay, I get it. You are building
your own Disneyland.
Literally the first I'm hearing of this.

TODD: Anyway, tomorrow we open the gates.
Finally, people will have a place to go
after they win the Super Bowl.

BOJACK: But you do know
that there already is a Disneyland?

TODD: Yeah, I built it.

BOJACK: No, I mean the real Disneyland.

TODD: You mean, the one in the hearts
and minds of children everywhere?

BOJACK: The one in Anaheim!

TODD: I think we're saying the same thing.

BOJACK: Are we?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can't say I'll miss it,
but we did have some crazy adventures
together these last few weeks.
Honey, would you rub my chin for me
so I can remember things?

DIANE: Oh, um, okay. Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, memories.
Hey, where should we go for my first meal
after the operation?

DIANE: It's not an operation,
but we could go to Storky's again.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, yeah! We're finally due
for our free sub.
"Storky's,
where your 81st sandwich is free."

DIANE: We've been there 80 times?
It just opened last month.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, but you love it, so whenever
you suggest it, I always say yes.

DIANE: Yeah, but 80 times?

BOJACK: What the...?
Huh?
Okay, you guys. 
You vultures are killing me!
Ah, the Valley.
Because sometimes you wanna go
where no one knows your name.
Pinky? Hey, how are you?
How's the book biz?
What are you doing here?
Wait, she just got out
of a 30-year coma
and she's the head of programming
at a major broadcast network?
Huh.

BOJACK: BoJack.
BoJack Horseman.
Nah. You know what they say,
you can lead a horse to roller,
but you can't make him rink.
Really?
Actually, I was on. You know what,
I'm sick of talking about me.
Oh, jeez, got a couple curly guys in here
with the regulars.
How hard is it to look
before they bring it out?
Excuse me, miss?
What?
Oh, yeah, I guess.
Or like when Kramer was
on Murphy Brown.
Hey, you want to get out of here?
Yes, totally.
Oh, my God, is it morning?
We stayed up all night talking,
and we didn't even have sex.
Oh!
Oh, yes.
Something's wrong.
I don't know, I feel weird, like I want
to spend more time with you
even though I know we just had sex.
No, you don't understand.
We already had sex,
but I still want to spend time with you.
Is that normal? Am I normal?
What is happening to me?
I want to do things with you.
Fully clothed, sober, in daylight hours.
I don't understand these feelings.
Let's get food? Or walk in park? Or--
Oh, God, it's coming. I can't stop it.
Do you want to go to Disneyland?

TODD: Please hold your questions
until the end of the tour.
Here we have
Mr. Todd's Wild Death-Coaster.
The name is a work in progress,
but we wanted to work "death"
into the title for liability reasons.
And this is Gabe Jr.,
the Grease Fire of the Caribbean.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Vincent, be nice!
He's a little cranky
because he just got adult braces.

BOJACK: You mean, braces.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ugh.

TODD: And here we have Cinderella's
magical pile of used mattresses.

DIANE: Is it a good idea
to keep all those mattresses
so close to an active grease fire?

TODD: Where's your sense of wonder, Diane?

BOJACK: Yeah, don't be so negative, Diane.

DIANE: What?

BOJACK: You know I hate negativity.
I mean, I don't hate it because
that's also negative, but you know.

TODD: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, buddy. This place is amazing.
It's like some sort of Disney version
of Knott's Berry Farm.

TODD: Oh, that's exactly
what I was going for!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I can't wait to get involved
and really spray the old
Mr. Peanutbutter scent on everything.

TODD: Uh, I was sort of thinking of this
as kind of just my thing.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, technically, you did build this
while working for P.B. Livin,
so I have the blah-blah-blah
of first refusal or whatever.

TODD: Oh, uh, okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I mean, that's just good business.
We're in this together now, Todd,
and nothing will distract me from--
Erica! You can't be here.
This place is filled with children.

BOJACK: You really think I'm the guy
who busted that pinto's leg?
'Cause if I am, you should be
a lot more goddamn scared of me.
Hey! My girlfriend's here.
Look, everyone! I have a girlfriend!
What are you doing here?
Look at you, all professional.
You're like Natalie Portman in that movie
where she was a professional.

DIANE: Ugh.
The first time BoJack dates a woman
his own age,
she's basically just
a stunted 20-year-old.
I'm glad I never got famous.
I mean, I did write a best-selling book,
but I'm not famous-famous.
But mostly it's just the famous people,
right?

BOJACK: I wanted to make you feel at home,
and nothing was bigger in the '80s
than '50s nostalgia.
Wanda, these last few days
have been so amazing.
You've given me a fresh start.
In fact, it almost feels like
I just woke up from a 30-year coma.
Oh, no, not me. Her.
And I'm BoJack.
You've never seen Home Alone?
No one does. It's just a magic box.
Really it's just one thing.
You can't count each individual thing
as a different thing.
That's like saying I have a lot
in common with Kanye West
because we both breathe air.
I don't trust that guy.
I bet he's seen Home Alone.
You think you can drop the jealous
boyfriend routine? It feels a little done.
You're right, I'm sorry.
Call me Snoop Dogg
because I will drop it like it's hot.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I got here as fast as I could.
Where's this next Haley Joel Osment?

BOJACK: That was a lie to get you here.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Aw, fish.
There's never a next Haley Joel Osment.

BOJACK: And there never will be.
Sorry I tricked you, but with Todd
running his own Disneyland
and actress Margo Martindale
in prison
for some reason I don't remember,
you're the best friend I've got.
Now grab the binoculars. I need dirt
on Wanda's new gentleman friend.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, BoJack. What's the play here?
You'll find one little imperfection
and harp on it
like you do with my boyfriend?

BOJACK: But you do understand what my "thing" is
with your boyfriend?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You'll just push her
into this other guy's arms.
Wanda likes you. Why ruin that?

BOJACK: Slap my salami, the guy's a commie.

TODD: Hey, what's going on here?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I wanted to make sure what we were
doing here was 100 percent legal,
so I called a lawyer.

TODD: Wait, what?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: As it turns out, it's not legal at all.
Who knew?

TODD: Mr. Peanutbutter.
The food court?
Okay. But also I'm hungry, so I might
just stop by the food court first.

TODD: Okay.
I'm just gonna throw this out there.
Is it possible maybe when the other guys
tried to copyright the name Disneyland,
they wrote down something else
by mistake,
so "Disneyland" is still up for grabs?
Aw, shit.
Aw, sweet!
Hooray! Gross miscarriage!
And that's how I turned my dream into
what I call "The Happiest Place On Urf."
Urf is a made-up magical kingdom
I added to the Disney canon.
Oh, they love it.
It represents everything
America stands for.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We did it, buddy!

TODD: Actually, I did it.
I had the idea to build a park,
I did all the work and I beat the lawsuit.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, there's no "i" in "team," right?

TODD: But there is an "i" in "Disneyland."
And unlike that other Disneyland,
this Disneyland only has one "i".

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What are you saying?

TODD: You're not welcome
at my theme park anymore.
There's only room for one goofy dog there
and his name is Pluto.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd, no.

TODD: I've told the bees
if they see you to sting you on sight.
You understand. It's nothing personal.
It's just good business.
And that's how we do business on Urf.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't like you like this.

TODD: I learned it from you.

BOJACK: If I could get everyone's attention.
You're probably wondering
why I invited you all here tonight.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You said it was to celebrate
Todd's legal victory.

BOJACK: Right, but obviously,
I don't care about that,
so you're probably wondering
the real reason.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, we just took you at face value.

BOJACK: We have a special guest here tonight.
Alex. Or should I say "comrade"?

TODD: Why would you say "comrade"?

BOJACK: Oh, I forgot to explain that part.
Alex is a KGB agent
bent on destroying America.

TODD: It truly is a small world after all!

BOJACK: No! He's-- It's not adorable!
He's a soviet sleeper-agent
who doesn't realize the Cold War is over.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh! Cute. Wordplay.

BOJACK: That's not even good wordplay.
He is literally a spy
trying to destroy America,
the country we all live in.
How am I the bad guy here?
Yeah, I know but--
Seriously?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I got here as fast as I could.
Where's the next Dakota Fa--?
Oh, I get what happened.

BOJACK: Could you get me a beer from the fridge?
I didn't want to stand up.
Wait, no. I don't deserve beer.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So you called me all the way over here
to not get you a beer?

BOJACK: Why do I always do this?
I push away everyone I care about.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, do you? I never noticed that.
Look, you obviously really care
about this girl
and that scares you,
so you sabotage yourself.

BOJACK: That's my problem.
I'm too good at sabotage.
Why am I so good at everything I do?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, I got a crazy idea.
How about you just stop sulking
and go win her back, dummy?

BOJACK: You're right. I gotta win her back,
put it all on the line. You know what?
I think I will have that beer,
can you get it for me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why do I bother?

BOJACK: Hey, grab a beer for yourself, too!
Actually, I want both beers!
Wanda.
There's something I gotta say.
When I was--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd! There's something I gotta say!

BOJACK: Hey, I'm kind of already doing--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I never should have tried
to make your thing my thing!
I just got excited and wanted to smear
Mr. Peanutbutter all over everything.
I should have been supporting you,
like this support beam.
Or a different support beam.

TODD: It's my fault.
The point of Disneyland isn't
to make money and win lawsuits.
But I forgot that.

BOJACK: You what?

TODD: Hey, buddy, let's just say we-- Oh!
Oh, no, no, no. No!
Gabe Jr.!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Quick, Todd! The mattress pile!
Jump to safety! No!

TODD: Bees, help!
Your queen commands you!
No! Bees! Come on!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You gotta-- Over the--
Hey, there's trouble.
No, no, no! Listen.
Bad, bad, bad. You gotta--
No, no, no, listen!

BOJACK: Wait, Wanda, we need to talk.
I don't care about that.
Look, the great guy you've been
getting to know, that's me.
That other guy,
the guy from the party,
that's me too and you need
to know that. I'm not perfect.
I'm cynical and I'm possessive
and I can sometimes fly off the handle.
I'm not always the best
at being not terrible.
But I want to be better,
I'm trying to be better.
And when I'm around you,
for the first time in 30 years,
I feel like I can be.
Wanda, you make me want
to be a better man.
Yes.

TODD: Hooray!
Mr. Peanutbutter.
You saved me!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No.
I saved us.

TODD: Woo-hoo!

BOJACK: I want to give this a real shot.
Move in with me.
I know it feels fast.
We barely know each other.
It's crazy, but I like you.
And sometimes you gotta swing
for the fences, right?
Yeah?
BOJACK: That's all right. I've learned
that when you're in a loving family
there's nothing wrong
with a little horsin' around.
Thanks for coming out.
Thank you very much.
All right!
I was wondering
where you wandered off to.
Hey.
Yeah, same for me.
Yeah?
Did he tell you anything else?
Well that's probably--
Oh, you did read that part?
I just wish
there was something I could do.
Wait, I haven't seen you in 30 years.
You wanna go grab a cup of vodka?
I-- I'm sorry, the funeral.
I mean, a bottle of vodka?
New Mexico?
I thought you lived in Maine.
I always pictured you there.
A little house by a lake?
Oh.
Do you think everyone here read my book?

TODD: Well I didn't.

BOJACK: Of course you didn't.
Here's the CliffsNotes version:
Shut up, Todd!

TODD: Okay, you're clearly in one of your moods.
I'm gonna go play astronaut in the trunk
of your car for the next few hours.
Have fun being sad.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Do you know what you're supposed to do
with our date pits?
Why serve dates
and not have a place to put the pits?
You know,
some people just have no class.

BOJACK: What are you doing here?
You didn't know Herb.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, but I do know a hot ticket,
and this funeral's a real whom's-whom.
Henry Winkler,
Jake and Maggot Gyllenhaal,
that Pakistani girl
who keeps winning Nobel Prizes.
I'm gonna go rub me some elbows.

BOJACK: There's so much to hate
about what you just said.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Good news. You know when someone dies,
everyone wants to buy their shit?
You're lucky you have a piece
of Horsin' Around,
because this is where money
starts rolling in.

BOJACK: What I don't want that. That's blood money.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, what do you want me to do with it?
It's coming.

BOJACK: I don't know. Give it to some orphans.
I can't deal with this.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, come on!
You don't think Elton John
was raking it in when Diana died?
More like "Candle in the Windfall."
Cha-ching! Hmm...

BOJACK: Huh.
Hey, Joelle,
I actually came here to be alone.
This might be a stupid question,
but were you always so... British?
Because I'm, like, 70 percent sure
you used to be American.

BOJACK: Hey, when was the last time
all four of us were in the same room?
Come on, Sarah Lynn.
Guys, hey, hey, come on.
Guys, can we just be civil for one day?
What's that mean?
What? I never-- Why would--? Wait, which
one was your mom? Blond hair? Glasses?
It's not a party, it's Herb's funeral.
Well, no one knows how to get
under your skin like family.
Why are you all looking at me?
Just take the disk from the guy.
What are we supposed to do
with a floppy disk?
Nobody wanted Herb's office, remember?
Because it was under tap dancing star
Savion Glover's office. Let's go.
Yeah. Don't you get it?
Herb's giving us a reunion special.
Remember how he always wanted to do
a treasure hunt episode of Horsin' Around
but the network said it was too edgy?
This is that episode.
Wait, so you'd rather just stay
at this funeral and be sad,
instead of going on a crazy adventure
to find our dead friend's secret treasure?
Do you have any idea
how insane you sound?
No, that's not it.
Herb clearly wanted us to do this,
as a family.
Yeah. He was my best friend
and he died hating me
and nothing I do is gonna change that,
but Herb left you that disk
because he wanted us to find his gold.
If we can honor Herb's last wish,
then that's something.
I don't know what, but it's something.
Brad, hang on one second.
Your mom wasn't redheaded twins, right?
Okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, Winkly, such a shame, isn't it?
About our friend Herb?
Yeah. I know.
Those other people are the worst.
I bet that woman barely knew Herb.
We also volunteered at a, um...
soup plantation-- Kitchen! Soup kitchen!
Whichever one is the good one.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? I never knew you did that.
Princess Carolyn, please elaborate.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, hey, Mr. Peanutbutter, why don't you
talk about how you knew Herb?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I never met the guy.
I'm just here to schmooze.
Tell us about your thing, though,
it sounds fascinating.
Everyone, gather round and listen
to Princess Carolyn's story.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay.

BOJACK: He sure did.
How could you like Horsin' Around
but not the horse?
That's like watching Castle
but hating castles.
I mean, I've never seen it.
I assume it's about castles.

TODD: Wow!
Look at all these old 20th century relics.

BOJACK: How did you get here?

TODD: I was in your trunk.
Now I'm in outer space.

BOJACK: Todd cut it out with your childish high jinks.

TODD: Whoa, can't I help?

BOJACK: Here's 10 bucks. There's a Squirt machine
by the garage. Get five cans.

TODD: You got it. I won't let you down.
Oh, no!

BOJACK: Your mom, was her name Karen?
Something with a "K"?
Nora? I don't know.
I banged so many chicks in the '80s.

TODD: Okay, Todd, you can do this.
Five Squirts.
You just need to take this money
and put it in that machine.
This-- Wait, what?
What happened to the $10?
No! Wind! Be cool!
Hey! That's mine!
Oh...
Why does this always happen to me?

BOJACK: Oh, this is easy. Try "BoJack."
"BoJack-BFF"?
"BoJack-I-Forgive-You"?
Well, I'm out of ideas.
So in that memory,
were you British or American?
At long last, can you keep down the noise,
keep down the funk?
If tap dancing was gonna be a cool thing,
it would have caught on by now!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: And when the mayor gave us the key
to the city,
Herb said, "Volunteering isn't about keys.
It's about people."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Or could it?
Princess Carolyn, sing us another song
in the key of Kazzaz.
You clearly knew the man so well.
Please tell us another story
but with even more details.
Story, story!
Come on, everybody.
What is this, a funeral?

TODD: Well, you blew it again.
You really are a dweeb.
Whoa, who are you?
Some kind of magical trash troll?
Looks like a bunch of old junk.
Oh, yeah.
It was so funny how he never knew
whether or not he did that.
Mr. Janitor, you're standing next
to a machine right now.
So if I go through that magic machine,
I'll become cool and confident?
I feel different.
Todd? Who's Todd?
My name's Toad. Toad Chavay.
And I gotta get my bubble on.
Machine? Squirt me. Hi-yah!
That'll do, machine.

BOJACK: Oh, shit.
Herb's nurse is a bear.
You think she knew about this gold?
He must have been waiting for Herb to die
so he could steal the book
and publish it himself.
Oh, my God.
Guys, I don't think
that car crash was an accident.
I think Herb might have been murdered!

TODD: My name's Toad, baby.
Yeah.
Coolsville, daddy-o.
Oh, lookie here.
Yeah.
Oops. Did I do that?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: And when the river finally stopped,
Herb went over
to a poor little Ottawan boy
and he said, "Son, you have water now."
You know, a lot of people go their
whole lives and they never give a damn.
But Herb? He gave those beavers a dam.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And make sure you take a video,
and I'll e-mail blast it to everyone here.
So we can always remember
your great friendship.

BOJACK: Everybody, stop!
Henry Winkler is a stone-cold killer!
You know that's not what I meant.
You murdered Herb
so you could publish his book.
But we're not gonna let you
steal his legacy, Henry Winkler.
What?
Well, I'll see for myself.
"The air in 1830s California was fragrant
with the flowers of laughter
and the smoke of adventure."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh.

BOJACK: "The carpenter's boy was a hungry boy.
Hungry for crumpets.
But also hungry, dot, dot, dot, for life."
He literally wrote out "dot, dot, dot."
He's right. Herb wanted a legacy,
but he already has one.
People loved Horsin' Around.
This would only ruin that.
I'm sorry I accused you of murder,
American TV legend Henry Winkler.
I guess it was just easier to believe
that you killed him for his book
than believe that he just died
for nothing.
I just wanted to fix things somehow.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow, heady stuff.
But let's not get distracted
from what a true friend
Princess Carolyn is.
Don't forget the ashes, Princess Carolyn.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Fantastic.

TODD: Hey. Special delivery.
Courtesy of the Toad-man.

BOJACK: Thanks. Hey, why'd you roll up
your sleeves like that? You look weird.

TODD: Oh, I-- 
Well, you know, I was--
I was trying out a new look.
It was-- It was a dumb idea.
Yup. Whoa! Oh, no! Ow... Ow!

BOJACK: Nah.
Hey, we never got a chance
to walk around the lot.
Wanna check out that water tank
where they filmed The Love Boat?
Are you kidding? I've always wanted
to get tanked in a tank.
Oh, okay, okay.
You ready?
What?
Well, that's Hollywood for you.
Hey.
Are you scared at all?
That if the show takes off,
everything's going to change?
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So, did
you have a good birthday?

DIANE: It was an amazing birthday!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I had a great day, too.
I wish every day could be like
this. Just the two of us, together.

DIANE: Yeah? You weren't too bored
by "Women on the Wall: An Exploration
of Gender in Text and Media,
Barbara Kruger and Jenny Holzer in
conversation with Helen Molesworth"?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Are you kidding?
I loved "Women on the Wall: An
Exploration of Gender in Text and Media,
Barbara Kruger and Jenny Holzer in
conversation with Helen Molesworth."
It combined my two favorite things:
modern art and people
talking about modern art.
I loved everything
about today. Thank you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So, there's nothing else you want?

DIANE: No.
All I want is to get into bed,
listen to Prairie Home Companion
and snuggle up to my wonderful husband.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You don't want anything else?

DIANE: No. Today was perfect.
Any additional thing would be overkill.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. If you say so.

DIANE: Oh, my God.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Are you surprised? Tell
me you're surprised.

DIANE: Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: She's speechless. Oh,
we got her good, folks.
Now let's party!

DIANE: He's dead! I told you he's dead.
Why don't you ever listen to me?
He is dead, goddamn it!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh...

BOJACK: Hey, we should go.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, don't leave.
There's so much party left.
Paul McCartney's gonna
jump out of a cake.

BOJACK: Sorry, Wanda and I have to
get to a prior engagement...
A prior engagement party.
Engagement, so it's a
Prior engagement party.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?

BOJACK: And we gotta get there early
because of the. Si...
Auction, yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.

BOJACK: To benefit Berto Eco's fight
against heart disease...
His fight against
heart disease awareness.

TODD: Wait, BoJack!
No! You're my ride.

BOJACK: Too late, Todd. Save yourself.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'll take you home.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Come on, stick around a little.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Nope. I gotta take Todd home. Had a
wonderful time. Really. It just flew by.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Come on, Todd, get in the car.

TODD: Okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I give them three months.

TODD: Well, what makes you say that?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Let me think about,
what was my first clue?
Ah! Remember that time
at Diane's birthday party
when they got in that
huge screaming match
over whether or not
Tony Curtis was dead?
That was weird.

TODD: I don't wanna start another fight,
but is he dead?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: If Tony Curtis died, I think I'd know.
The man's a national treasure.
He's the one speck of romance
in this tainted cynical world.

TODD: I'll say. His cereal is great! Look out!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
Vincent?
That kid looks just like my boyfriend.

TODD: Does he?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'd know that face anywhere.

TODD: Well, hey, people look
like people all the time.
A lot of folks say that I
look like Octavia Spencer
or the Prince of Cordovia or that
guy from the Guten Bourbon ads.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How could I have been so stupid?
This is why he never invited me
to his house, why I've
never met any of his friends.

TODD: What are you saying?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Vincent has a secret family.
That kid was his son. The lady
was his wife. Oh, I'm a fool!

TODD: Uh... where are we going?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I need a drink.

TODD: Are you gonna take me home first?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You better call me back, asshole.
I don't even know who you are anymore.
It's like you're three different people.

TODD: So, you're not gonna take me home first?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Should I call him again?

TODD: I'm sure there's a simple explanation.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ugh. No wonder he wears a
trench coat all the time.
It's because he's so sneaky.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, my God, that's him!
Quick, jump out the window, shimmy
down the drainpipe and wait in the car.

TODD: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Vincent has a terrible temper.
He throws tantrums.
If he finds you in my apartment,
who knows what he's capable of?
But, also, stay close,
because if he finds me alone,
who knows what he's capable of?

TODD: Fine. You're lucky I love shimmying.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Looking young.
Huh?
Nice to meet you, Kevin.
Where's your daddy?
Okay, the bathroom is just back there.

TODD: Ugh.
Ah. Herb.
Oh, nope.
Phone, I'm bored.
How many ounces are in a barrel?
Well, I'm out of questions.
Do you have any questions for me?
Um...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, well, well, look
what the me dragged in.
Is it dragged or drug?
Either way, drop dead.
Not so fast, cowboy.
Why didn't you tell me any of this?
I don't know what to make of this.
Are there other secrets I don't know?
Should you check on Kevin? He's
been in the bathroom for a long time.

TODD: And when you don't regret
the tattoo in the morning,
that's how you know it's love.
Yes, Phone?
Oh, um...
Uh, what?
What is happening?
What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, hi. Where did your dad go?
Okay.
Weird, I still haven't seen
the two of you together.
Okay.
So, Kevin, how do you like school?
Oh, you're back.
Can I get you a drink?
Okay, not talking, huh?
See, this is part of the
problem. We don't communicate.
Do you really think now is the
best time to read the paper?
Vincent?!
Sure, sweetheart.
Kevin, what grade are you in? Kevin?
Now where did he go?
Well, I got this snack for him.
What? Why?
Oh, ha, ha. Well, that's true. Okay.
Oh. There you are. Here you go.
Vincent, I'm trying to have
a conversation with you.
Can you take that towel off your head?
And what happened to my bowling ball?
What?!

TODD: Oh, this is too much.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, Vincent, I think we should...
Vincent, why do you have
chocolate on your face?
I gave Kevin the chocolate.
All right, this is
crazy. What are we doing?
You know, when we first met, I was
looking for something in my life.
And I wanted it so badly that I
made myself believe you were it.
But I think that wanting
to believe something
isn't the same as something being real.
And this isn't real.
I think it's time we stop pretending.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, you wanna go home?

TODD: Okay.
Did you guys work it out?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We broke up.

TODD: Oh, I'm sorry. Love is weird.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah.
I guess I was just foolish
enough to believe this dumb world
still had a little
spark of romance in it.

TODD: Well, you can still believe that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, I gotta stop kidding myself.
Tony Curtis is dead.

DIANE: He's dead! I told you he's dead.
Why don't you ever listen to me?
He is dead, goddamn it!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh...

BOJACK: Hey, we should go.
No, I don't think you bake
Paul McCartney into the cake.
You bake the cake first and
then McCartney gets inside.
Look, what happened back
there is not your fault.
That's just what happens
when two people live together.
Do you think maybe we're going too fast?
I don't want to get in a fight.
We moved in together
without really giving it much thought.
Sure, it's great now.
But it could be not great later and
I feel like I'd be a bad boyfriend
if I didn't prematurely freak out
about that. I mean, what is this?
Uh, sure.
Ugh. Is this a joke about nature?
Okay, okay.
Orchid bushes?
I'm sorry you said this
gardener was the best.
And?
That's the punch line?
I'll say.
Makes me think you forgot
the rest of the joke.
I got the narrative. That wasn't
the source of my confusion.
The confusion was about
the joke not being funny.
Everything doesn't always
have to be funny. Just jokes.
Listen, Wanda.
I think maybe there's some
things we kind of glossed over
as we rushed into this relationship.
We don't know each other at all.
Maybe we should take a step back and...
A stick? Tree branch? Nothing?
Yeah, that's the sound a stick
makes when you hit it with your car.
Fine. I'll see if the stick's okay.
Hey, what are you doing here in the
middle of the road? Are you crazy?
He's fine. He's in the woods.
You know, you hit a deer and
they limp off to the woods to...
continue living their
lives. What are you doing?
If you wanna go for a walk in
the woods at night, go crazy,
but I'm not going anywhere.
Okay, knock yourself out.
I'll wait here, just me and my tunes.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
No, thank you.
What?!
Damn it.
BoJack to the rescue.
We should go back. Nothing
more we can do here.
What is your plan here exactly?
What? What is it?
How can you see that far in the dark?
Oh, right.
Okay, now you're just showing off.
Look, pal, I'll pay the bill, just...
Just let us get you to a damn hospital.
Not standing in the middle of the
road will also help, in the future.
I am not going to hurt you.
Starting now.
Oh, great. Great.
Well, is it a joke or is it a story?
I'll listen to another story,
if you stop calling them jokes.
Is the boyfriend's name Brandon?
The ex-boyfriend?
What? Oh.
Wow, that is actually
a really good joke.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'll take you home.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, come on, stick around a little.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Nope. I gotta take Todd home.
Had a wonderful time.
Really. It just flew by.
Come on, Todd, get in the car.

TODD: Okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Um, do you wanna talk
about what happened?

DIANE: What happened? No, I don't
wanna talk about what happened,
I just wanna clean up.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.

DIANE: Why? What do you think happened?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I just...

DIANE: Because what I think happened
is that BoJack's girlfriend asked
what Tony Curtis was up to
and I said, "Tony Curtis died."
And you said, "Did he?"

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Right, but...

DIANE: And I said, "Yes, he did."
And you said, "Really?
I'm not sure about that."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah...

DIANE: And I said, "Well, I am." And
you said, "I'm not so sure."
And I said, "I'm telling
you, Tony Curtis is dead."
And you said, "Let's
check the Internet."
And I said, "We don't need to check the
Internet, I'm telling you he's dead."
And you said, "Let's just check though."
Is that what you think happened?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So, do you wanna talk about it?
It kind of feels like
you wanna talk about it.

DIANE: I don't understand why you couldn't
just believe that I know something.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I believe you know lots of things.
I just thought, what's
the harm in checking?
Especially since we have
these amazing little boxes now
with 24-hour access to the world's
largest source of information.

DIANE: You shouldn't have to check if your
wife knows what she's talking about.
You humiliated me in
front of all my friends.
You can give it a rest. Show's over.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay, but don't I get
a little bit of credit
for inviting all of your friends
to an awesome surprise party?

DIANE: No, because why did you think I
would want an awesome surprise party?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is it the awesome part
you object to or...?

DIANE: You always just assume that
everyone wants whatever you want.
Well, you know what
they say about assuming.
Makes an ass out of you and "Ming."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Who's Ming?
I'm sorry, Diane. Okay? I'm
sorry I threw you a party.
What a monster.
Throwing you a party like
some sort of terrorist.
It's a well-known fact that
if you really hate someone,
really wanna hit them where
it hurts, throw them a party.
That's why when we go to war,
we don't drop bombs on the enemy.
We drop parties! So, I'm so sorry
I threw you an amazing party.

DIANE: You didn't throw me an amazing
party. You threw you an amazing party.
Everything today has been about you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Really? That picnic we had in
the tea garden was about me?
That trip to the library was about me?
"Women on the Wall: An Exploration
of Gender in Text and Media,
Barbara Kruger and Jenny Holzer in
conversation with Helen Molesworth"
was about me?!
Oh, sure. Fine. Just walk away.
Oh. So now you're gonna play in the
ball pit without me? Real mature, Diane.

DIANE: Why does my birthday
party have a ball pit?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So I could get these T-shirts made.

DIANE: Ugh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Also, you once told me that
when you were a little girl,
you dreamed of living in a
house that had a ballroom.

DIANE: A ballroom is not a room full... No!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Heads up! Yes!

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter, some part of you must
have known I wouldn't like any of this.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But I went balls-to-the-wall
for this party.
Literally, there are balls
all the way to the wall.

DIANE: Right, but I've told you so
many times, I don't like parties.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But it's the thought that counts, right?

DIANE: That's exactly... The
thought was... Ugh!
What did you do to the spare bedroom?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Every room has a theme.
And this room's theme is Starbucks.

DIANE: Starbucks is not a theme.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can we not fight in the Starbucks?
I don't wanna be a couple
who fights at Starbucks.

DIANE: Okay. Fine. You did go all out.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I really thought you'd like
this. I know you love Starbucks.

DIANE: I don't love...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You don't love Starbucks,
you love the independent coffee
place, Starbucks is more convenient.

DIANE: Yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: See?
I do sometimes listen.
Can I get you a decaf Americano?

DIANE: Sure.
I know you put a lot of thought into
today and I appreciate that, really...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I have a decaf Americano
on the bar for Darren.
Is there a Darren here?
Says Darren on the cup.

DIANE: Thank you. This is very realistic.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I know, right?
You wanna go check out the
pool? I filled it up with Jell-O.

DIANE: Ah.
I still can't believe I'm 35.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Would you believe I'm 35?

DIANE: I'm still mad at you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I know.

DIANE: But I don't wanna be.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I don't want you
to be mad at me either.
We only have so many days together.
I want every one to be a happy one.

DIANE: Oh, my God. You don't
want me to go to Cordovia.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?!

DIANE: You don't think I know what it means
when you say shit like...
"We only have so many days together"?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, what?

DIANE: "Diane, I love waking up next to you."
"Diane, I wish every
day could be like this."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, but...

DIANE: "Just the two of us, together."
Do you have any idea how that feels
when I'm trying to plan my trip?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. You got me!
Maybe I don't want my wife,
whom I love, to go off on
a terrifying six-month tour
of the most war-torn,
disease-splattered corners of the planet
with a charming, handsome,
billionaire bachelor.
What could I be thinking?
I'm such a terrible husband.

DIANE: I'm not happy.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: With me?

DIANE: I don't know.
With everything.
I wake up in the morning and
I feel like I have no purpose.
And I'm 35. And if I don't
make some change in my life,
then this is how I'm gonna feel forever.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Honey...

DIANE: But then I think
about Sebastian St. Clair
and going to work with him,
helping people and making a difference.
And I feel like I have a
reason to get out of bed.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I didn't know you felt that way.
If you told me that,
I would have heard it.

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter, you know I love
you and think you're a good dog.
Yes, you are. Yes, you are, and
I love your cute, funny face,
but I don't wanna be
one of those couples
that settles into a
routine and never changes.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I don't know what to
say because I'm an old dog
and I'm not gonna change.
Do you know what I do while
you're at work all day?
I mostly just sit right there.
Sometimes I pretend to dig a
little hole and then I take a nap.
And when I hear your car in the
driveway, it is the best part of my day.
I mean, I go insane.

DIANE: I know, and I love you so much,
but you're never going to be
my only priority like that.
That's just not how I'm wired.
I need to also live my life.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well... okay.

DIANE: Is it okay?
If I change and try new
things and you still love me?
And you just stay the same person
you've always been and I still love you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, yeah, that sounds good
to me. Does that work for you?

DIANE: Yeah, I think that works.
Just don't throw me any
more surprise parties, okay?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, yeah, noted.

DIANE: I can't believe you got me a ball pit.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And you're saying no part of you wants
to go jump in that ball pit right now?

DIANE: Well, maybe a little.
Does that make me a hypocrite?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, it just means you changed.
It's one of the things I love about you.
BOJACK: Why put the "Skip Ad" button so late?
I'm not skipping now. I'm invested.

DIANE: BoJack, you're driving a car right now.

BOJACK: Oh, right!

BOJACK: Whoa!
Kelsey, ray of sunshine.
And who's this little drop of Jupiter?
Your daughter's name is Irving?
Well, aren't you a little princess?
What are you doing
outside of the castle?
BoJack is not my friend.
Whoa!

DIANE: Handle her?

BOJACK: Way to delegate, captain! Down low!
Nope? Look down. Just
put your eyes down.
My hand is below your eye line. No?

DIANE: I guess you're stuck with me, kiddo.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is it, BoJack? I'm
at my dumb niece's wedding.
Not you, honey! A different dumb niece.

BOJACK: I feel like Kelsey doesn't like me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're not really the
kind of person people like.

BOJACK: Right away?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Uh, sure.

BOJACK: But once they get to
know me, they adore me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How do I put this delicately? No.

BOJACK: The problem is we haven't
gotten any one-on-one time.
There are always other people around.
Filming me. Feeding me.
Walking me to the garage at night,
because one time I saw a bag
in the wind and I got spooked.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, the only reason
you want Kelsey to like you
is because she's cold and distant.
Any time someone tries to
love you, you shove them away.

BOJACK: What? No, I don't, stupid. You're stupid. 
Don't be such a dumb stupid idiot, Todd.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, I gotta go. Everyone's
staring at me for some reason.
What? I'm ready. Let's take a picture.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hear ye! Hear ye!
I call this meeting of
P.B. Livin' to order.
I believe it was Benjamin
Franklin who said:
"You have reached the end
of your free trial membership
at Benjamin-Franklin-Quotes.com."

TODD: What a wise man.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's on the agenda, my frienda?

TODD: Well, here's an idea.
What if there was a West Dakota?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd, isn't that a job
for the State Department?

TODD: Well, I got a whole page of other ideas,
each as impractical as they
are prohibitively expensive.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well you know what they say:
"You gotta spend money to make money."
So, how can I spend a lot of money?
I know. I'll take a spa day.

TODD: Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Eyes, prepare to receive cucumbers.

TODD: We're in a meeting.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You know what they say:
"You gotta skip meetings
to have meetings." See ya.

TODD: Wait, what should I do?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't know.
Oh, maybe you could go on one
of your silly Todd adventures.
You know, whatever you do when
everyone is busy with other stuff.

TODD: Okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is it, Todd?

TODD: Princess Carolyn, I
need something to do.
A job, or a task, or
a direction in life...
You're my agent. Can
you give my life meaning?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't have time for this.
Well, don't stop on my account.

TODD: Princess Carolyn, do I have a purpose?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, purpose? Are you high?

TODD: Only the normal amount.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I gotta go. They're about
to step on the glass.
Just stay out of trouble.

TODD: Uh, okay.

DIANE: So, Irving what do you want
to be when you grow up?
Wow.
That's great.
Wow.
Would you mind if we
stopped by my house?
I have to do laundry.
Okay. This whole attitude
you're putting on?
I must be Shania Twain,
because that don't impress me much.
Hey, I was just like you
when I was a teenager.
I was this badass overachiever
that had these big plans
to change the world.
Oh, you didn't hear?
I changed the world.

TODD: Did you have a nice shower?
I made you a sandwich. Oh,
but it has turkey in it.
Is that kind of weird?
Oh, man.
What seems to be the
problem, Officer...?
No, I don't think so.
Uh, this is my, uh... My wife...
Becca! Yeah, my wife Becca.
Becca Chavez. There she is.
Yep, she loves her books.
Big reader. 
Real nerd.
Back off? Okay, I'm sorry, honey.
Uh, don't you need a warrant?
Well, in that case, mi casa es su casa.
So, if anyone asks, you
were born in La Jolla.
You majored in Communications at USC,
and now you're the booking agent
for Kings of Leon.
Fine, you also book Beck.

DIANE: Todd

TODD: I didn't find that
thing in your drawer!

DIANE: Why are the police outside?

TODD: Okay. I met this chicken and she
escaped from Chicken 4 Dayz factory,
and she doesn't speak English,
but she's my best friend and
the cops are looking for her,
and Mr. Peanutbutter went to the spa,
and I love her, and her
name is Becca. Chickenson.

DIANE: Todd, breathe.

TODD: But we can't send Becca back.
They're gonna pump her full of hormones.
More hormones.
I have a plan, but we gotta
get her out of here now.

DIANE: Todd, no. Becca doesn't belong to you.

TODD: But she needs our help.

DIANE: Do you know how much
trouble we'd get in?
There's a policeman in our front yard.
You're right. Let's get out of here.

TODD: Oh, oh. Well, we're off to the beach.
Just me and my wife, and our
teenage daughter and our maid.

DIANE: What? Why am I a maid?

TODD: Silence, maid!
Honey, do you want to sit
in the front or the back?
And why not? Maid, you can drive.
Hope there's not too
much traffic on the 134.
Okay, bye-bye, officer.

DIANE: Okay, Todd, what's your plan?

TODD: What?

DIANE: You said you had a plan.

TODD: Oh, yeah. My plan was:
Ask Diane for help.
And now my plan has been completed.
Nice follow-through, Todd.

DIANE: We have a 'roided out chicken
and the cops on the
lookout. What do we do?

TODD: Yeah, no one knows
chicken like chickens!
They couldn't say that in
the ad if it wasn't true.
Yeah! Book Beck. You remember.

BOJACK: Great news, blue-collar types.
Instead of crew lunch
today, your star has arranged
for his favorite burrito
truck to bring you lunch.
It's me, I'm that star!
Or we could break for lunch,
and you and I could
get to know each other.
Uh-oh, siesta time.
We can take my car. This is perfect.
Yes, I agree, but we can use the
car ride to get some one-on-one.
I mean, who is BoJack?
Every second you waste
finding another ride,
your daughter gets closer to getting
her eyes poked out by a mutant chicken,
or worse, death, or slightly
better, teen pregnancy,
or worse again, salmonella.
Yay! I'm calling this road trip the 007,
because we are gonna bond.
Up top? Down low? Either one? Both?

DIANE: Oh, wow, you guys
have a movie night here?

TODD: Oh...

DIANE: See, Todd? She'll be happy here.

TODD: But what if Chicken 4
Dayz tries to get her back?

DIANE: Whoa!
Where'd you get that gun?
Just now.

TODD: Look, Becca, I know this
is hard to understand,
but I have to go, and
you can't come with me.
No, no, you don't need
to book Beck anymore.
Now you can just be a chicken.
See, this is where you belong, okay?
You hear me? I don't want you no more.
You weren't the best friend I ever had,
and I never loved you! Now get, Becca!
I said get!

DIANE: She really stretched out that dress.

BOJACK: She was so horrified,
she checked into rehab.
So, I'm kind of the reason
Drew Barrymore got sober.
Did you like Never Been
Kissed? If so, you're welcome.
I don't need you to like me.
It would be fun if you liked me,
because I'd prove my parents
were wrong to never support me,
because I earned the admiration
of an authority figure,
proving I have intrinsic worth,
but it's not a big
deal or anything. Jeez.
It's been screwy since I hit
that deer a couple weeks back.
Probably should get it checked out.
Probably should've
gotten it checked out.

DIANE: Those farmers seem nice.

TODD: Yeah.
I think Becca will
be really happy there.

DIANE: She'll have a nice life.

TODD: Yeah, until they kill her.

DIANE: Well, yeah, but of all the places
that will eventually kill her,
Gentle Farms seems like the best.

TODD: This doesn't feel right.
Becca was our friend.
No. We gotta get her back.
Then we'll just bust her out.

DIANE: Todd, there's nothing we can do.
Where else would Becca go?
She doesn't even speak English.

TODD: Well, we gotta do something.
Look, I know I'm a screw-up
and all my ideas are terrible,
but with Becca, I was
responsible for something.
I had a purpose.
Ah. I guess you wouldn't understand.

DIANE: All right. Let's bust her out.

TODD: Yes! Okay, and afterwards,
will you get me an iPad?

DIANE: What? No.

TODD: But I really want an iPad.
Maybe you wouldn't understand.

DIANE: Don't push it.

BOJACK: Just got to place the jack
in the right jack apparatus.
There, I have got...
No. I have no idea what I'm doing.
That was me acting. Pretty
convincing performance, huh?
There's more to me...
I don't know. Some hick will come by,
and I'll give him an
autograph for a tow.
Boom, his life's changed,
and you and I are on our way.
Yeah, Marla sucks, right?
Hey, I know terrible mothers,
and you're not a terrible mother.
There he is. Right on time.

TODD: Shh, shh, shh.
Everyone keep quiet. We gotta...
Ooh. Whoa, whoa, whoa!
They probably didn't hear that.
Uh, that's probably a coincidence.
Maybe they're rehearsing a one-act play
called Someone Broke Onto the Farm
and someone just said the titular line?

DIANE: This way.
Irving, this isn't safe.
Get in the car, lock the doors.
Don't be a badass and argue with me...
Okay.

TODD: Go, go, go! Uh...
Becca?
Becca, where are you?

DIANE: Becca, are you...?
Becca?

TODD: Is this you?
Becca?
Oh, I found her!
Diane! This one's Becca!

DIANE: No! Todd! Don't you get it?
They're all Becca.

TODD: Oh.

DIANE: Okay, go, chickens! You're free.
Go, run to freedom!
For generations they
will tell your story!

TODD: Oh, oh, oh, shit!

DIANE: We gotta hide!

TODD: Go, go, go!
Hide, hide! In here! Someplace safe.
Come on, come on. Oh, no!

DIANE: Shh, shh. Becca, no, no, no!

TODD: Shh.
Oh.
Diane, I'm sorry I got you into this.

DIANE: It's not your fault.

TODD: I don't know why I always
get into these messes.
You know, sometimes I
feel like my whole life
is just a series of
loosely-related wacky misadventures.

DIANE: I think that's just what
being in your 20s is.

TODD: Really?

DIANE: Yeah.
I'm supposed to be the adult
here, and I'm a total mess.

TODD: You kidding? You're the
coolest person I know.

DIANE: Really?

TODD: Yeah. You always know what to do,
and you don't take shit from anyone.

DIANE: Is that how you see me?

TODD: Of course. You're like Lara Croft.
In Diane's body.

DIANE: This is our chance. Let's go!

TODD: Come on!

DIANE: Go, go, go!

TODD: Oh...

DIANE: Whoa!
I am so sorry.

TODD: Okay, that was crazy! Just go.
Let's get out of here!

DIANE: We're free, we're free! Oh, shit.

TODD: Why was he wearing sunglasses
at night?

DIANE: I do.
What? Cool?
I mean, that's cool
that you think I'm cool.
I don't care or anything,
but, you know, it's cool.

BOJACK: Listen up, everybody.
I, famous celebrity BoJack
Horseman, have an announcement.
I'm going to ask you to drop all charges
on account of me being a celebrity.
We gracefully accept the
requisite slap on the wrist
and a brief, but
ultimately pointless, trial
in the court of public
opinion. Good day.

TODD: But what about Becca?

BOJACK: Took care of that, too.
Called in a favor with Drew Barrymore,
and she'll pay off Chicken
4 Dayz to adopt your friend.

TODD: Does she have a meadow that
Becca can frolic around in?

BOJACK: You think Drew Barrymore
doesn't have a frolicking meadow?
That is the dumbest thing I've heard.
You know I learned something today.
Sometimes when you think something
isn't about you,
you find a way to save the
day and realize that it was,
all along, all about you.
Plus, I got you all a burrito truck!
Yay! I'm great!
Yep.
Nope.

DIANE: I think it did.
I think we made a difference.
A small one, but a difference.

TODD: Yeah, I think we did, too.
I think we really changed
things for the better.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Us, too. Because we're
really accounting on you...
to get in on the ground floor of this...
PB Livin' product.

TODD: Has this ever happened to you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You say you love a toasted bagel.

TODD: Ding. Bagel's ready.
But wait.
Hey. That bagel was too fast.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's why PB Livin'
presents, the Bagel Catcher.
For all those hard-to-catch bagels.

TODD: I thought you were a customer.
I don't get what's happening.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Our business manager was
over the moon for that.
So, what you're saying is, we're just
one great idea away from breaking even?
Are you hiring at your accounting firm?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm waiting for my agent.
He'll be with me any moment.
Mr. Peanutbutter is going back to work.
Yeah. He's probably just organizing
all the amazing opportunities.
I haven't heard from him in years,
so they've probably been piling up.
Maybe I should just go check on him.
Hello, Ronnie? It's your
favorite client, Mr. Peanutbutter.
Well, I'm coming in. I hope
you're... Oh! Oh, my God.
Ronnie, how'd you get
that belt around your neck,
then caught on the filing cabinet,
which made your pants fall down
while you were researching pornograph...
Oh, I see what happened here.

BOJACK: Did you hear that? New food truck.
We should go.

TODD: Hey, can I get some lunch
money? It's pizza day today.

BOJACK: Sure thing, sport. Wait,
where is it pizza day?

TODD: In my tummy.

BOJACK: Oh...
I propped it up with a Golden Globe.
Yeah. Anyway, I got you something.
Yeah, you have a beeper, but I don't.
Now, you can page me whenever you want.
What? Boobs? Oh, my God.
What scamp came up with that one?
Okay, I gotta go. Dinner tonight?
Okay, love you.
Uh...
No, I don't.
Aw... "I love you. No, I don't"?
Uh... Keys.
Uh-oh.
Get out.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hold it. Hold the elevator.
Ooh. Ah. Ee. Ow.
Goddam it. No. No. Ow.
Oh. Ow. Oh...
Rutabaga, this day already sucks.
My heel broke while I was
at this new food truck,
and I spilled a handful
of gravy all over myself
because they don't
sell bowls, just gravy.
Well, I guess the upside to
being invisible around here
is that none of these assholes
will ever notice what a mess I am.
Aw...
No, no, I'll be okay. And how are you?

DIANE: So, what's the plan for today?
Find a new agent, go on auditions?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I'm gonna do exactly what landed me
Mr. Peanutbutter's House, oh, so long ago.
Wander around L.A. with an open mind
and an empty stomach
until I get discovered.

DIANE: But also, like, find a new
agent and go on auditions, right?
Or should I start
stealing food from work?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm just gonna go with the flow
and leave everything up to destiny.
Que sera quesadilla.

DIANE: You know we could lose the house, right?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:  Diane.

DIANE: Right?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, Diane, Diane.

BOJACK: Diane.

DIANE: Aah!
I wasn't stealing paper towels
to use as dinner napkins. Why?

BOJACK: Here's a funny question for you:
If Mr. Peanutbutter said,
"I love you. No, I don't,"
would you need to talk about that
later and figure out what he meant?
Probably not, right? Because
they're meaningless words?
I mean, language evolves, right?
How can anyone know what anything means?
The answer is nobody can.
Nothing means anything.
So why bother talking about anything?

DIANE: In this scenario, are Mr.
Peanutbutter and I living in our house?
Or are we squatting in an abandoned
Barnes & Noble burning books to keep warm
as we struggle through our
Dickensian-style poverty?

BOJACK: Uh...
"Zero, zero, zero." No
idea what that means.

DIANE: I think it means "call me."

BOJACK: Ignore. Wait, where's the ignore button?
How do I ignore?

DIANE: I think with a beeper,
you just ignore it.

BOJACK: With what, my mind?

DIANE: You seem a little stressed out.

BOJACK: That's because as soon
as I'm done with work,
I have to have a long,
awkward conversation
with Wanda about our relationship,
unless... I'm never done with work.
Diane, you magnificent
bastard. That's it.

BOJACK: Mm. Yeah.
Your line is, "And I'll
see you at the finish line."
Yeah, I know. I'm acting. Great.
Now I gotta start all over.
Settle in, folks. We
could be here a while.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ow! Ooh.
So good of you to join us eventually.
Sorry I'm late. I had the worst morning.
He is?
Of silence?
To offer their condolences?
Who do you want me to call?
I have ins with a bunch of Bonito's
clients including all the major J's:
Law, Lo, Leno, and J. Abrams.
"Mr. Peanutbutter"?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Here I go. Destiny, don't
fail me now. [grunts]
Yeah. Hitting the pavement.
This is how it happens
for a guy like me.
Ew...
Out of my way, flyer.
Ugh. Flyer. Why do you have to be
on my shoe in front of this store?
Wait, a second. Shoe.
Store.
Shoe store? Shoe store.
"Team players wanted"?
Oh, I'm such a good team player,
I make all the other team
players look like garbage.
Lady Footlocker, meet your lord.

BOJACK: Finish... 
line.
What? No. Why stop now?
I'm just getting warmed up.
Go home?
Why go home when we could extend
this long day's journey into night?
Drinks on me, folks.
Great, Corduroy's driving. Let's go.
Me, too.
Blue-face blastoff?
What?
Oh, right. Right.
Yeah. The auto-erotic...
Can't believe you have
so many names for it.
Don't need to talk
about how you masturbate.
Okay, I guess we do.
So, like a normal rainbow?
Okay, this is getting really graphic.
Can we maybe talk about anything else?
Thank God.
Uh...
So, noose-wise, what are we talking?
You use a standard sailor's knot
or more like your average
birthday-present bow?
Oh, hey. About this morning...
Because when I said that...
What?
So, last night when...
Can't just say, "I don't
love you" to someone.
Yeah, but that was different.
Because you do love me. Right?
Like a little bit?

TODD: Uh, for what it's worth,
I love both you guys.

BOJACK: Shut up, Todd. Grown-ups are talking.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Jessica Atkinson, come on down.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mr. Peanutbutter?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Would you like to see what's in
box number one or box number two?
Either way, it's a
brand-new pair of shoes!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh.
Rutabaga...
What? Who? Tell me. Whoa!
The author of Catcher in the Rye?
And... others?
Isn't he dead?
Oh, my God.
Why are you giving this lead to me?
Huh.

BOJACK: Corduroy, what are you doing here?
No, no, no.
Your kit?
Yeah I don't know if I want your
jack-off kit at my house.
Wait. So, you're saying
if someone loves you,
they don't want you to choke
yourself while masturbating?
All right. I'll take it.
I still don't understand
why you need a kit.
Can't you just use,
like, a belt or a rope?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hm...
Oh. Ooh.
Oh, hello. I'm looking for some...
Okay, then, I would like to buy a
bicycle. What would you recommend?
One with a bell, or...?
Mr. Salinger. Such a pleasure.
Princess Carolyn, big fan.
Let me guess, Catcher in the Rye?
And others.
I wanna say The Hobbi...
Look. I'm an agent.
It doesn't matter whether
I've read your work.
What matters is I can look you in
the eye and tell you I'm a big fan.
The world is ready for your
comeback, and I wanna help.
But, J.D. Salinger,
you are J.D. Salinger.
You are a goddamn American treasure.
What if I told you there was a
place where no one reads books?
A place where people only read
headlines, lists and pictures.
A place where people
hate reading so much,
they hire others to do it for them
and don't even pay a living wage.
Exactly.
And all those modern reading
slaves really wanna be doing
is writing things that, one day,
other people will also avoid reading.
Come with me, J.D. Salinger.
Let's go to Hollywoo.

BOJACK: Hup!
Oh... Hey.
We need to talk.
You're probably wondering what
this beautiful mahogany box is.
It's my auto-erotic asphyxiation kit.
I've decided to do
the funky Spider-Man.
I came up with that one myself.
Because he hangs,
then he shoots webbing.
Yes. I do.
Even though it's very dangerous
and I could die.
Now, if you love me, you probably
wouldn't want me to do it.
Since you don't, I should do it, right?
I mean, there's no reason
not to... unless you love me.
Wait. Seriously?
Only if I do it wrong.
Because as I mentioned
before, it's very dangerous.
I'm serious. I'm really gonna do it.
Well, I didn't do it yet, obviously.
If I'm gonna do it,
I'm gonna go all out.
A big job like that needs lumber,
and pulleys, lemons, so forth.
I'm not gonna half-ass anything.
This is my orgasm we're talking about.
Not too late to stop me.
Good 'cause don't.

TODD: Stop fighting!
Can't you two see what
this is doing to me?
I've been acting out. 

BOJACK: Todd? Get in the car.
It's time to get serious
about auto-erotic asphyxiation.

TODD: Hooray! Question mark?

BOJACK: Just play it cool, Todd. No one
needs to know why we're here.
Excuse me, I'm looking for something
that will hold up a lot of weight.
Let's say something that could hoist
up a horse comfortably by the neck.
Not for suicide purposes.
I'm trying to have a
more fulfilling orgasm.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: The world wept when news
broke that J.D. Salinger died.
But I'm here to tell you, he didn't die.
As one of the 20th century's
most celebrated authors,
J.D. Salinger has inspired
countless dreamers,
eighth graders and
occasionally, assassins.
His spare lyricism and
devotion to character
will undoubtedly translate into a
penetrating dramatic work for this,
the golden age of television writing.
J.D. Take it away.
What?
It's maybe more of a working title.
Boy that must be a long marquee.
Huh. I've got the perfect guy.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Who wants to be in Nike Airs?
Claire, you are looking off the
charts "gorge" in those tennis shoes.
But let me ask you this:
Would you like to buy a towel?
Because I'm throwing one in for free.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mr. Peanutbutter?
How would you like to be the host of
J.D. Salinger's new celebrity game show?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? I knew destiny had a plan for me.
You know, it just goes to show,
with the right attitude,
every single one of your dreams
will always come true.
And if your dreams don't come true,
it's probably because you just
didn't have the right attitude.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh. Nothing. It's nothing.
Come again?

BOJACK: Still alive? Because auto-erotic
asphyxiation is so risky?
Well, here I am, for now.
Yeah. I was at the hardware store
picking up supplies for my
auto-erotic asphyxiation machine.
Because, as you are aware,
I'm preparing to auto-erotic
asphyxiate myself.
Figured I'd get stuff for the bed so you
could at least get a good night's sleep.
He is never gonna forget that.
This isn't about anything but
the pursuit of the kind of orgasm
that feels like a
rainbow with every color.
No.
So, if you don't mind, as
long as you don't love me,
I have a noose to step
into. 
I just need to release this lever,
drop these bags of sand,
which act as counterweights,
and then just pull this nozzle.
Perfect.
Wait, Wanda. 
I... I knew it.
What? That doesn't sound like me.
Okay.
Just for the record, I never really
wanted to do this in the first place,
Me not doing it is not
a sign that I love you.
It's just because I'm a coward.
I don't love you.
I don't. Come back
here. I don't love you.
You don't make me feel less broken.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't get it.
I singlehandedly got a Lady Footlocker
store employee a primetime show
and resurrected a certified
dead man and nobody cared.
Why do I do anything?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Yes, Rutabaga?

BOJACK: Corduroy? I don't want
this thing anymore.
Corduroy?
Hey, you decent, man?
Oh, sweet Jesus.
BOJACK: Now that's what I call horsin' around.
Uh... Yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Now that's what I call doggin' around.

BOJACK: Hey, buddy, pass me
that bottle of vodka?
It's open bar, don't be a dick.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack Horseman?

BOJACK: Do I know you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: This is my better half,
Katrina Peanutbutter.
Katrina, BoJack.
Uh, uh, no, I would never be...
My friends told me to get a prenup,
but I was like, "Hey,
marriage lasts forever."

BOJACK: Listen, I'm doing my own thing here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can you believe two guys like us
were even in the same
category as Hank Hippopopalous?
That's Uncle Hanky.

BOJACK: Listen, Peanutbottle,
there is no "guys like us."
I'm BoJack Horseman.
You're just some other guy I'll
probably never talk to again.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That is the funniest
thing I have ever heard.
Uncle Hanky. Sir, I am your biggest fan.
I used to watch Hank
Hippopopalous's Dance-Pop Cosmopolis
every day after school.
Hey, can I get a picture with you?
Here, let me advance this.
And we probably got it.
And we'll find out in four to six weeks.
Okay, I gotta go. My
wife's hand just disappeared
into that busboy's pants.
Treasure? Sweetheart? We're in public.

BOJACK: Yeah?
Oh.
This suit needs more flasks.

DIANE: Well, sure. But, you know, I won't
be out there for another month.
Actually one of the stars
just died. It's really sad.
Well, now the production's on hiatus
so BoJack and I are going on a book tour
to promote the new paperback
edition of One Trick Pony.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, listen, you big dummy.
You need to be on your
best behavior for this tour.
Don't do that BoJack thing
where you go off-script
and get a lot of people mad at you.

BOJACK: What? I don't do that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're a movie star now.
Any bad press you get
can hurt Secretariat.

BOJACK: Please. We're going to Alaska.
How am I gonna offend a bunch of
inbred Eskimo blubber-munchers?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're right. What was I thinking?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mm.
Hank is coming here?

TODD: That old guy from Hey,
I Think You Can Dance?
What's the big deal?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You don't understand.
When I was a kid, this guy was the guy.
I even bought his novelty rap album, The
Hank Hippopopalous Hip-Hop Hypothesis.

TODD: You shouldn't meet your
hero on an empty stomach.
Want me to go get you some chili?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Good call.
Chili is nature's chillaxative.
Oh, we've met.
So, what should I do
with my arms? Like akimbo?
Reverse akimbo?
King Tut? Mashed Potato? Windmill?
Uh-oh, I'm windmilling.
Got a momentum going.
Can't stop windmilling now.
"Guys like us"?
You think I'm a guy like us?
Oh, this is the happiest
moment of my life.
Excuse me, would you
get a picture of us?

BOJACK: Yeah, thanks for that, Diane.
Uh...
Well, the thing about that...
Uh... It's a shame that Arafat
walked away from the table in 2000.
I mean, obviously there's no
panacea, but a two-state solution
with an emphasis on human rights
feels like a place to begin.

DIANE: Oh.

BOJACK: You won't get it. Ask the question.
That's a great question.
I'd also like to know
the answer to that, Diane.

DIANE: Well, I think the truth is
worth pursuing, no matter what.
BoJack's not perfect.
There are other celebrities
who have done much worse things
and it hasn't hurt their careers.
I don't know, like Mike Tyson
or... Sean Penn, or Josh Brolin,
or Christian Slater, Woody Allen,
Hank Hippopopalous, Bill Murray...
Well, all of his former assistants
have made the same allegations.

BOJACK: I feel like we're getting off track.

DIANE: Do you not know that?

BOJACK: Any questions about me, the
handsome, famous horse with a book?

DIANE: I'm not saying anything
not on the public record.
You can just Google "Hank
Hippopopalous allegations" and I...
Oh, you don't have to
Google it right now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane you gotta see
this set they're building!
There's a giant replica of my head,
and every episode, the eyes
light up with dollar signs,
confetti shoots out of the ears,
then I somersault out the mouth.
We're bringing class back to primetime.

DIANE: Sounds amazing.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And I'm really getting along
with J.D. Salinger.
Did you know we both hate phonies?

DIANE: I did know that.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So... listen. Some website
called "Tit Puncher"
is saying you said some stuff
about Hank Hippopopalous.

DIANE: Oh, my God, Mr. Peanutbutter, I
didn't mean for that to happen.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, do me a favor. Please don't
make a big thing out of this.
It's really not a good time, you
know, with my show about to launch.

DIANE: Hey, we are on the same page.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, are you also on "Tit Puncher"?
Because you should
not read the comments.

DIANE: Believe me, nothing
would make me happier
than for this to just go away.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Great. I love you, too.
Wait a second, something's
different. I am... digging this new cologne!
You smell like a fancy cabbage.
There's that classic
self-deprecating Todd wit.
I'd know it anywhere.

BOJACK: Fire when ready.
Diane, I believe this
question is for you.

DIANE: Look, if anyone here has any
questions about the book,

BOJACK: I'd be happy to answer those.
As would I, BoJack Horseman,
Golden-Globe winning star of the book.

DIANE: I'm really not here to talk about that.
Excuse me?
I'm not slinking away.

BOJACK: I just wanted to say one thing about me.
I text and drive like
all the time. What?

DIANE: What? They ruined his life?

BOJACK: Diane you should probably just drop this.

DIANE: Oh, I'm gonna drop it, all right.
They don't even know how
much I'm gonna drop it.

BOJACK: The way you said that made it
sound like you won't drop it.

DIANE: How dare you spread a narrative that...
This is completely...

BOJACK: Yeah, hi.
I'm Diane's friend, BoJack.
I came with her. I gotta say
I'm opposed to child labor,
like as a rule, but there
are some kinds of labor
that children are just better at.
You ever try to fit into a mine shaft?
That is a tight squeeze. What?
Oh, man, probably gonna get
some letters about that, huh?
I'm so incorrigible.
Everyone's paying attention to me now!
Okay, I'm gonna go get a snack.
Anyone else want a snack?
No? That's a no? On the snacks? Okay.

DIANE: That's exactly the problem.
Because he's so nice,
people don't wanna think
he's capable of awful things
so they let him off the hook.
"He said, they said."
It's eight different women.
Are they all lying?
See, this is part of the problem.
You're supposed to be a journalist.
You won't even tell your
audience what he's accused of.
I'm not afraid to say it.
Eight different women,
all former assistants,
claim that Uncle Hanky took them to a...

BOJACK: I know. It's supposed to be my
book tour and she's upstaging me.
Like how it was supposed to be my book.
Actually, this might
be a thing she does.
Sometimes she just whips
herself into a frenzy
and she loses all perspective.
Goddamn it, honeydew?!
Jesus, why does cantaloupe think
every time it gets invited to a party,
it can bring along its
dumb friend honeydew?
You don't get a plus-one, cantaloupe!
Huh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa!
You know it's a federal crime to
go through someone else's mail?
Oh, don't worry about it.
Now walk me through that mail.
Good Lord, that's graphic.
How would she even fit
one of those in there?
Some sort of funnel. Oh, I see,
there's actually an illustration.
Yeah, I guess she kind of did.
Right.
Todd, I can always count on you
to give me the straight dope.
Please don't ever change.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane? I want you to
meet Amanda Hannity,
editor-in-chief
here at Manatee Fair.
That woman can knock a drink back like
a Kennedy at a wake for another Kennedy,
but damn if she doesn't get shit done.

DIANE: Um, okay, I wanted to pitch you
an exposé on Hank Hippopopalous.

BOJACK: Hey, wouldn't your readers
prefer something more relevant?
Like, uh, what to do with all those
extra buttons that come with your shirts.

DIANE: Amanda, I am so glad you're
throwing your weight behind this.
Oh, I didn't mean...
Yes, exactly! I feel
like I've been alone
in a crazy alternate
universe these last few days.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, you know I got your back, right?
We women have got to stick
to... Hey, fruit plate.

BOJACK: No, people don't want articles
about that. People want life-hacks.
Scarves, not just for necks anymo...

DIANE: I already reached out to all eight
of Hank's former assistants. Nothing.
You think she'd talk?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you kidding me? With
this honeydew right now? Ugh!

DIANE: Nicole?
I think you are scared of me.
This isn't about me.
I know who you are.
I'm not giving up.
There's gotta be someone who will talk.
Are you seriously killing this?
So, this has nothing to do with the fact
that AOL-Time Warner-Pepsico-
Viacom-Halliburton-Skynet-Toyota-
Trader Joe's also owns MBN,
and is currently profiting off of
Hank Hippopopalous's good reputation?
No, I don't want a Joe-Joe.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yep.
We don't torture
people in America, Todd.
That's called one of the amendments.
Sounds great, Todd. See you tomorrow.

BOJACK: So, they hated the skorts idea, huh?

DIANE: No, I didn't pitch your skorts idea.

BOJACK: Don't you talk to her like that!

DIANE: This is not over. When people hear what...

BOJACK: Give it a rest. It's over. You lost.

DIANE: How could you say that?

BOJACK: What are you doing here?
I mean, what is your
endgame in all of this?

DIANE: You don't actually believe
Hank's innocent, do you?

BOJACK: Of course not, but that doesn't matter.
You're not gonna beat this guy.

DIANE: I...

TODD: What?

BOJACK: Todd?

TODD: BoJack! Thank God you found me.
I thought I would never see you again.

BOJACK: We're in the middle of something.

TODD: I got mixed up in some bad stuff
and a genocide may or may not
have been perpetrated in my name.
Maybe you heard about it on the news?

BOJACK: No, most of the news has been
about Diane and Hank Hippopopalous.

TODD: What? Why? This is really serious.

DIANE: Oh, of course your thing is serious
and my thing is just a dumb
feminist trying to get attention
by attacking a famous man, is that it?

TODD: Uh, what? No.

BOJACK: You eat shit!
Diane, obviously Todd doesn't
know what you're talking about.
He spent the last few days at
Burning Man or whatever getting high.

TODD: No! That's not what happened at all.

DIANE: A stranger just told me to eat shit.
I don't understand why you
can't be on my side about this.

BOJACK: I am on your side.
And I'm telling you you're
not gonna win this thing.
Also, P.S., when have
you ever been on my side?

DIANE: I am always on your side.

BOJACK: Really?
Like when you wrote that book?
Was that you being on my side?

DIANE: You're not still mad about the book.

BOJACK: You manipulated me and
completely took advantage of...

TODD: Guys? There is a very fragile alliance
between the Cords and the Ovians.
If we don't do something...

DIANE: Todd, nobody cares.

BOJACK:Nobody cares, Todd.

DIANE: Everything I did was to
help you tell the story
I knew you wanted to tell.
You got everything you
wanted because of that book.
You were a joke, now
people take you seriously.
You were out of work, now
you got your dream role.

BOJACK: Okay, yes. All of that is true.
But also, you were my friend
and you hurt my feelings.
And it's weird that you
never apologized for that...
and that you still won't.

DIANE: Well... I'm
sorry I hurt your feelings.

BOJACK: Are you?

DIANE: Yes, actually. I am.
I didn't want to do that
and I probably could have
handled things better.
I definitely should have. I'm sorry.

BOJACK: Okay.

DIANE: But this is bigger than you and me.
And I need you in my corner now
because I don't have anybody else.

BOJACK: Well, okay.

DIANE: Yeah?

BOJACK: Yeah.
I'm in your corner.

TODD: Guys, earlier, some general
asked me if it was "a go"
...on "that thing we talked about"?
And I said, "Yes." And he said,
"God help us all" and left the room.
Now I'm not sure that
was the right answer.

DIANE: So, then I called Wayne to see
if I could write a story for
Buzzfeed. Here's the good news:
They'll publish anything.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, um...
Can I talk to you?

DIANE: Yeah, of course. What's up?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I asked you, really nicely, not
to make a big thing out of this.

DIANE: Yeah, I know, but someone...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Had to say something, right?
And that someone had to be you?
Because... why?
I really don't get it.
What is accomplished by you being
the one to take a stand on this?

DIANE: Uh...
Mr. Peanutbutter...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: This game show is a
really big deal for me.
And I know that sounds
stupid to you, and small.
But I need this to go
well, and I can't... 
Those are death threats.
People want to murder my wife
because of what she's saying on the news
about something that she
has nothing to do with.

DIANE: "You can't. You stupid, ugly can't."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, that doesn't say "can't."

DIANE: Oh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: God, you know, you'd
almost be safer in Cordovia.

DIANE: Yeah, maybe I should go to Cordovia.
I'm obviously not
making a difference here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Actually, maybe you should.
Go feel good about yourself
and do your important work.
And maybe some space
might be good for us.

DIANE: You don't really want me to go, do you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Why does it suddenly matter what I want?
BOJACK: Hey, there are a lot of advantages to
being the girlfriend of a big celebrity.
It's more than being an elbow
they couldn't crop out of
a red-carpet shot in US Weekly.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I've been that elbow.

TODD: Hello, what have we here?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So you know
how the game's played, right?

BOJACK: I'm sure I'll pick it up.
How hard could it be?
My bad, our fax machine
isn't plugged in.
Sweetie, no. I think this is stupid
and a waste of everybody's time.
But you're my girlfriend
and I care about you.
So I'm here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Good boy, good boy.

TODD: Hello, I am Mustache Todd.
Like regular Todd, but with a mustache.
But I like it there.
They brush my hair and tell me stories
about their weekends.

TODD: When it's me,
we call it "Todd-foolery."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ah. All right! Here we go.

BOJACK: Listen to that crowd.
If they lose it this much
for Mr. Peanutbutter,
can you imagine what they're going to
do for a real celebrity?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, this is Mr. Peanutbutter's show,
so be nice.

BOJACK: When you say nice, do you mean kind?
Or, like,
delivering a lot of sick burns,
so that people in the audience go,
"Nice."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: The first one. Obviously the first one.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Tonight we answer the age-old question:
"Hollywoo stars and celebrities,
what do they know?
Do they know things?
Let's find out!"
And now our first-ever guest.
You know him from his years on
Horsin' Around,
his drunk appearance on The View,
and his bestselling book,
it's BoJack Horseman.
There you are. How are you doing?
BoJack, welcome.

BOJACK: It is great to be here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Sorry, no time for idle chit-chat,
because we've entered
the Small Talk Round.

BOJACK: The what now?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thirty seconds on the clock.
BoJack, how are you?

BOJACK: Uh, fine?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Correct.
Did you see the game last night?

BOJACK: No, I don't follow--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh.
Oh, so sorry.
It says here you did see the game.

BOJACK: What game?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You tell me.
You're the one who saw it.

BOJACK: I don't--
What the--?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That noise means
it's time for your first
General Knowledge question.
Audience, does BoJack know things?
BoJack, what is the average
annual rainfall in Bora Bora?

BOJACK: Uh, this is general knowledge?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's just an average we're asking for.

BOJACK: I don't know, seven?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wrong! So wrong.
Wow, when it comes to Bora Bora,
maybe this celebrity should
have studied more-a more-a.

BOJACK: That doesn't really seem--
What is--?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh-ho. That sound means
it's time to pick your category.
"Trigonometry." "Advanced Physics,"
and "At the Movies With Mr. Peanutbutter."

BOJACK: At the Movies With
Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Good choice. After seeing J.J. Abrams'
Star Trek reboot, did I call it:
A, "A visual feast for the senses,"
B, "A zestful lark through time
and space,"
C, "The best Zachary Quinto movie
of all time,"
or D, "All of the above"?

BOJACK: I'll say D?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ouch, the answer was A and B.
Though I would
also agree with C.

TODD: So I told Mr. Peanutbutter
I'd drive him here,
and next thing I know,
I'm an Associate Producer.
Yup.
I don't need a pen.
I can walk into any Chili's with a child
under 12 and get crayons for free.
Oh.

BOJACK: I'm gonna go with nuclear fusion.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, the answer is Egypt.
Surprised you didn't get that one,
since you're an expert
when it comes to de-Nile.
Quick impression. "I'm not an alcoholic."
You love it.

BOJACK: Oh, yeah, pretty good one from King Mutt
over here. Am I right?
You know, like King Tut?
Because we're talking about Egypt?
And Mr. Peanutbutter's a mutt, so...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm a yellow lab, BoJack.
You could get one thing right tonight.
Anyway, let's take a moment
to look at the great comments
we've been getting on
our second screen app,
now available for download.
Hey, how am I doing?

BOJACK: You're kind of being a dick.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, are we at Tony Roma's right now?
Because there's a lot
of ribbing going on here.

BOJACK: I'm not ribbing you.
I'm telling you, you're--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Welcome back.
Will BoJack Horseman go down in show
history as our worst contestant ever?
So far, yes.
Uh-oh. That sound means it's time
to drop "da" bomb.
And yes folks, I said "da," not "the."
What I'm trying to say is,
it's a positive bomb.
Audience, let's...

BOJACK: Did you guys all practice
before the show, because--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ladies and gentlemen, we've had
some fun with our little celebrity.
But now, let's meet our big celebrity.

BOJACK: Big celebrity?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Say hello to...
Daniel Radcliffe!
We'll find out what our big celebrity
knows right after this break.

BOJACK: You didn't tell me
there would be another celebrity.
There was no mention of another bigger
celebrity in the document you faxed?
That sounds like a shredder.
Ehh... you, too.
Hey, Daniel, good to see you.
No, sorry, I'm not a, uh-- I'm an actor.
No, I already did hang in there.
I'm BoJack Horseman?
We've actually met before.
At Chris Martin's holiday party?
We stepped outside for a smoke?
To get away from Chris Martin?
You opened up
about your fear of success?
I gave you some advice?
You said I was a true friend
and you would never forget me?
BoJack Horseman.
When you're as famous as I am,
you meet so many people.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So you never say one, huh?
Welcome back, America.
So do I. So let's watch
our celebrities go... Audience?

BOJACK: How could they possibly know that?
This is the first episode, right?

TODD: Hello. Serious,
Going-Places Todd at your service.
I'm wearing Heelys.
They're shoes with wheels,
for efficiency purposes.
Now I can be serious faster.
Seeing as I am a professional--
No!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, BoJack.
Another embarrassingly
wrong answer,
bringing your score down
by 80 points and 12 dollars.

BOJACK: Why are we playing
for both points and dollars?
My name is--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Our next question is to Mr. Radcliffe.
"What color comes from
the combination of blue and yellow?"
Correct!
You've earned
the chance to go for a spin
in our Kia Sportage Cash Grab Booth.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And while Daniel's in the booth,
BoJack, you have an essay question.

BOJACK: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You'll find a blue book on your podium.
"To what extent was feudalism
a cause of the French Revolution?"

BOJACK: Wait, are you ser-- Oh!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And go!
While BoJack works,
let's check out the action
on our Kia Sportage Cash Grab Booth Cam.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, champ.

BOJACK: What are you doing here?
I'm trying to write an essay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I came to ask you how you were doing
and then to tell you
you're not doing so well.

BOJACK: Why am I getting
the hard questions,
while Boy Wizard over there
just has to know colors
and literally grab cash out of thin air?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I think I might be able to help you out.
Let me tell you a story.
The year was 2003
and for some reason, everyone was
playing poker all of a sudden.
A then-relevant Wilmer Valderrama
used to host a weekly how-do-you-do
and all the stars
came out to show off their tricks.
There was Lucy Lawless, Lucy Liu,
Lori Laughlin, Lisa Loeb,
the dog from Frasier,
and at the head of the table?
Big Money himself, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoops. Woh-oh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I thought, "Here's a rube."
But Lady Luck had other plans.

BOJACK: You know what,
I got an essay to write,
so if this isn't about the precipitous
fall of the French ruling class--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: But then I saw, the kid had a tell.

BOJACK: I feel like that story had a lot
of unnecessary details in it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen. You have to pay close attention,
it's subtle,
but when he gets excited, his ears ever
so slightly flop up and give him away.

BOJACK: Well, that's no surprise. Guy's been
flopping upwards his whole career.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm-hm. Watch the ears.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Time's up, Daniel.
Whoa, looks like D to the R
to the Ad to the Cliffe
just won 54,000 bonus dollars.
And BoJack barely got beyond
his thesis statement.
"A continent ravaged by war,
coupled with the retreat
of the church from secular life..."
And then it just stops?
Oh, that's gonna cost
you some serious pesos.
But first, it's time for
our Multiple Choice Buzz-In Round.
Tell me, "How many oak trees are needed
to build an 18th century triple-decker
Royal Navy battle ship?
A, 75? B, 1000?
Or C, 3500?"

BOJACK: C! 3500!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Um, correct.
Uh, wow. That's, uh...
That's actually correct.

BOJACK: Quantum tunneling.
King Magnus the Second.
Miss Scarlet in the library
with the lead pipe.
Sassafras. Butterscotch! Argyle.
Because seven eight nine.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What an amazing run.
It looks like we've got a tied game.
Which is an exciting surprise.
We'll be right back.

BOJACK: What's going on is I'm kicking your ass.
Well, tell Charity she can kiss my ass.
By the way,
your girlfriend has a stripper name.
Oh, you are tied, there's a lag.
Congratulations.

BOJACK: Thanks. It was touch and go--
Are you asking me to throw the game?
Okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And we're back. Contestants, I've got
a history question for both of you.
"You may or may not be familiar with a
famous racehorse named Secretariat.
In what year did Secretariat
win the Triple Crown?"
BoJack.

BOJACK: Piece of cake.
Um, 1492?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? No, not even close.
BoJack, aren't you in a movie
about Secretariat?
How could you not know that?

BOJACK: Let's just move on.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Maybe instead,
he should be in a movie
about a guy who doesn't know
anything about Secretariat. 

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That would not be a good movie.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I mean, more like Secre-terrible.
Do you know anything about Secretariat?
You know he was a horse, right?
Oh, wait, did I just spoil it for you?
No wonder my wife
had to write your book for you.

BOJACK: Hey, yeah, you know, while we're talking
about your wife, I've got a question.
How come your wife flew
all the way to war-torn Cordovia
just to get away from you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's not what happened.
She went to help people.
Or maybe she went to help herself
get away from her awful marriage.

BOJACK: Oh, was that too far?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh-ho, you want to get into things?

BOJACK: Well, I mean--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, no, no, let's get into things.
Let's get real.
Everybody, BoJack wants to get real.
Cancel the Bubble Round.
Because we're getting real.
Things are getting real out here.
Really real.
Really, really, really real!

BOJACK: Uh, I'm not sure where you're going--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, no?
You knew
where you were going with my wife
that time you pulled over
by the side of the road.
You know, a week before we got married?

BOJACK: Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You want to talk about that, BoJack?
You want to talk about the time when you,
my "good friend," kissed my wife?

TODD: No!

BOJACK: How did you know about that?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, there are roadside cameras
all along the PCH,
I have a few friends
in the highway patrol,
and she told me, of course! We're married!

BOJACK: Wait, so you've known all this time?

TODD: Um, don't you think
you're pushing them too far?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All I ever wanted was to be your friend.
And you treat me like a big joke.
You think I don't notice?
Why don't you like me?

BOJACK: Mr. Peanutbutter--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, tell me.

BOJACK: Because... I'm jealous.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh.
Of what? Diane?

BOJACK: No.
Of everything.
Everything comes so easy for you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, and it doesn't for you?
You're a millionaire movie star
with a girlfriend who loves you,
acting in your dream movie.
What more do you want?
What else could
the universe possibly owe you?

BOJACK: I want to feel good about myself.
The way you do.
And I don't know how.
I don't know if I can.

BOJACK: I'm sorry, Mr. Peanutbutter.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow, um, I don't know
if I can forgive you.
But I guess we'll find out
right after this break.

BOJACK: Shut up.

TODD: On it. It's a perfect day for a Red Bull.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, hey Wanda.
I don't think we can just resolve
everything cleanly in a half-hour.
Uh...
And we're back.
You know, I did some thinking
over the break. BoJack--
What's going on?

TODD: Panini time. Hey, who unplugged--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, are we back? We're back!
Live television, folks.
You know, during the break,
my producers told me
I had to forgive BoJack
live on the air.
But I'm my own dog.
And as my own dog, I decided
to forgive BoJack live on the air!
Bring it in, buddy!

BOJACK: What?
Wait, what?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You're right, it makes perfect sense.

BOJACK: No, it doesn't.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That way Diane and I will have
had the same experience.
It's the only way we can move past this.

BOJACK: Well, if it helps us move past this,
I guess...
Well, just one more regret
on a long list of many.

TODD: I don't care. You said it yourself.
Without that pen, I'm totally worthless.
I really tried this time. I guess
I'll never really amount to anything.
Wow, no one's ever
fallen for that!
You're so stupid!
You had the pen
and you just gave it to me?!
Oh, I can't believe that worked.
Oh, my God, look at your stupid face.
Yeah, said the girl
who doesn't have a pen right now.
Oh, she was mad, all right. But kids?
That's the story of
how I met... this pen.
I got your pen.
That means you respect me.
Viva Todd-foolery!
Suck a dick, dumbshits.
Hey! Hey, hey!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, that stern but supple kiss
puts you over the top.
BoJack Horseman is tonight's winner.
You've earned $500,000 for charity.
You can walk away right now
or, and remember, this is for charity,
you can risk it all in
our Double or Nothing round.

BOJACK: I wanna risk it all!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right. Now that's $500,000.
If you get this question right,
you double that,
a million dollars for charity.
But if you get it wrong,
the charity gets nothing
and all the money will be set on fire
live here on our studio soundstage.
BoJack, for all the marbles:
"Which famous actor
played the titular role
in the popular Harry Potter
film franchise?"

BOJACK: Huh.
Yeah. I don't know.
When you're as famous as I am,
you meet so many people,
it's impossible to remember them all.
Yeah. Oh, what is that guy's name?
You know, it's on the tip of my tongue?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack, we need an answer.

BOJACK: Yeah, I don't know.
Gosh, I wanna say...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?
BOJACK: Groovy.
Sorry, Mommy!
But I don't wanna.
Are you punishing me for smoking
or for stealing?
Ugh.

TODD: Uh, BoJack? You really shouldn't throw
a lit cigarette off the--
Fine. I'll call 911.

BOJACK: Nobody knows where fires come from,
it's a mystery.
Anyway, I am fired up
about my first day back on set.
We're gonna finish
that big Nixon scene.
We were just one shot away
before we went on hiatus.
Usually I talk to Diane
on the way to work,
but she abandoned me to teach piano
in Cordovia or something.
You bet. Oh, man, I'm gonna kill
in this Nixon scene.
BoJack gonna be in "da" house.
In da White House.
What happened to da house set?
Da White House set?
You cut the Nixon scene?
The Nixon scene is the core
of the whole movie.
Where we see Secretariat
be morally corrupted
and get to look
into the real darkness of his soul.
Is one of the nieces Nixon?
But we were supposed to make
a gritty movie about the real Secretariat.
Warts and all.
Kelsey, you're okay with this?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, okay.
Ooh, ow.
Well, what do you mean,
"get out of here"?
What? But I can't just leave Vigor.
I've been here 20 years.
Who's gonna water the plants?
I started doing it as an intern,
but then no one told me to stop,
so it's still kind of my job.
Things are so crazy
for me right now. I--
I don't want crazy.
I've got five episodes
of The Good Wife piled up on my DVR,
and I just want a night off
to enjoy them.
Gekko?!
We weren't doing anything!
We were just looking for closet supplies.
Stuart, I'm your boss.

DIANE: The first thing you notice
about Sebastian St. Clair
is that he speaks in paragraphs.
In his previous life,
Sebastian owned
a chain of high-end department stores.
Uh-huh.

DIANE: Hi, Kinko. I'm Diane.
It means,
my parents liked the show Cheers.
When Sebastian St. Clair says
you're good,
you want to believe
that you really are.
That you, like Sebastian, are part
of something bigger than just yourself.
And for a moment,
you feel like you are.

BOJACK: Now I finally realize that a triple hug is
way more valuable than a Triple Crown.
Kelsey, this is a nightmare.
I had to touch three children today,
and one of them was sticky.
Yeah, it was you.
Wash your damn hands, you gremlin.
No, this isn't you.
I've seen everything you've done.
Your films are challenging and gritty,
and they're great.
I'm not just saying that
because they're full of lesbians.
There's one at the Nixon Library
in Yorba Linda.
In season three of Horsin' Around,
the horse got elected president
and we shot on location.
We can sneak into the library
and get the shot, guerilla-style.
Once Turteltaub sees it,
he'll love it,
and we can make the movie
we both want to make.
All right!
Only for season three.
In season four, it turned out
it was all a dream.
They called my airplane Air Horse One.
And the vice president was
a hip-hop zebra named Zebro.
It wasn't our best season.
But on the bright side,
was not our worst.
Step one, we go to the Nixon Library...
and steal the scale model.

TODD: Yeah, I have a question. Um...
Is that the lighted exit sign
from Nixon's boyhood home?
Is that...

BOJACK: Here we go.

TODD: ...the handicapped drinking fountain
he used in the White House?

BOJACK: Hang on.

TODD: One more.
Is that the smoke alarm--?

BOJACK: So the Oval Office is right here,
next to the men's room.
I remember because season three
of Horsin' Around was a big cocaine year.
All the pressures of being president.
We're gonna need a crack team.
First, we gotta get
the best lock-pick in the city.
Okay.
The second best lock-pick in the city.
Got it.
A lock-pick.
Todd, can you pick locks?

TODD: Kind of.

BOJACK: Great. You're in.
We'll need an expert cat burglar.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: All right, Good Wife,
let's see what you got.

BOJACK: Hey, Princess Carolyn!
Kelsey and I are gonna break
into the Nixon library
to steal a shot
for our Secretariat movie.
It's a super-sneaky, kooky caper
that stands to benefit you in no way.
Are you in?
You shut up!
Hey, you got a problem?
Take it up with my agent,
your downstairs neighbor
Princess Carolyn.
We'll need someone to play Checkers.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Chicago! Al Capone, deep dish.
What does Ethan Hawke know?
We'll find out tonight. Da Bears.
BoJack, I'd love to help you out,
but I'm super-busy recording promos
for television's
highest-rated new game show.

BOJACK: We can probably do it without you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Seattle! Space Needle, Starbucks.
What does Ethan Hawke know?
We'll find out tonight. Rain.
It's too bad though because I could
really bring a lot to this project.

BOJACK: Actually the more I think about it,
Checkers wouldn't even be in the shot.
It's just a single on Secretariat.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Waco, Texas! Terrible tragedy.
What does Ethan Hawke know?
We'll find out tonight. So sorry.

BOJACK: You know what? Forget I even asked.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Twist my arm, why don't you? I'll do it.

BOJACK: Okay.
Finally, we'll need a criminal mastermind.
I need your help with a break-in.
Okay Kelsey, Mr. Peanutbutter and I
are gonna break into the library.
But the problem is,
the place is crawling with cops.
Yeah, nice work, Todd.

TODD: Totally.

BOJACK: Now, we need to lose the cops.
The rest of you will create a diversion
by breaking into the only other place
in Yorba Linda of cultural significance:
the Discount Fine Art Gallery
in the strip mall,
between the tanning salon
and the adult bookstore.
Once you set off the alarm,
all the cops will go there.
Now, things could get ugly.
One of you is very likely to die.
Possibly Alan.

TODD: Well, you are the guy
none of us knows that well.

BOJACK: Alan, you already know too much.
You're a part of this now, like it or not.
We're almost done.
You're right. I'm sorry.

DIANE: "And the truffle-infused gnocchi
was the star dish
at this up-and-comer that will please
the pickiest of Brooklynites
and the less discerning Staten Islander."
You can do anything you want in life.
I mean not everyone can write for The New Yorker,
but there's always The Atlantic.
Sure, but isn't this why we're here?
To help these people?
Great.

TODD: Okay, come on. Over here. Get it.
We're in. It's too late to turn back now.
One of us isn't going
to come out of this alive.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Alan, we've got enough problems without
worrying about your imminent death.
Can't we just all shut up and do this?
Why does everything have to be
a big, complicated mess?
Like,
look at this Thomas Kinkade painting.
It's simple.
And serene. And... pleasant.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Remember when my character
on Mr. Peanutbutter's House was
elected president?

BOJACK: Let me guess, it was all a dream?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I served half a term,
then resigned
because when Zachary
had a bad time with peer pressure,
I realized I was spending
too much time being president
and not enough time being a dad.
It's like you didn't even watch my show.
Playing dead.

BOJACK: We didn't mean to cause trouble.
We're trying to make a movie about Nixon.
Uh...
The second one?
Because...
we couldn't find anyone who could
appropriately capture his magic.
You? No way.
After all this time we've found our Nixon.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh. Did we get the shot?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's so peaceful.

TODD: Margo, I thought we agreed, no guns.
But you're also chewing gum.
Oh, no! Alan's dead!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh. How could this be any more perfect?
Vanessa Gekko.
How did you get in this painting?
How appropriate!
Fetch me drink, wench.
Ah.

DIANE: The second thing you notice
about Sebastian St. Clair
is how much he talks about himself.
Uh-huh.
The only respite
from his constant bombast is sleep,
and even then, sometimes...
Where's Kinko? Is he okay?
Jesus, you don't care
about any of these people.
You're just using them as props
for your big-shot superhero act.
This is too much.
I...
I can handle it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, um, how come Nixon gets a line
and I don't get a line?

BOJACK: We only gave him a line
so he wouldn't call the police.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: If I call the police, will I get a line?

BOJACK: No, we were not gonna use it in the movie.
The only thing we need the one-shot of me.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I just think if he gets a line,
I should get a line.

BOJACK: Ugh. Actors.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And I'm Checkers.

BOJACK: Oh. I don't cry in front of other people.
Yeah, okay, but I don't cry in front
of other people. I can't.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Really, never? Come on.
What if someone tells you
they'll take you to the park,
and they keep talking about the park
and all the fun you'll have,
but then... 
But then they don't take you to the park.
I need a second.

BOJACK: Well, I'm sorry, I can't do it.
I didn't know you wanted me to cry.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh!
Ah.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, another beautiful, serene day
in magical fantasy-painting world.
Huh?
Wait, you're making deals here?
What? No!
You're polluting my perfect serene
dream life. Why is this happening?
Oh, my God. I gotta get out of here.
Okay.

TODD: Yeah, I'm going to go
with Princess Carolyn.
Hmm.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello?

DIANE: Hey.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: There you are!
I've been trying to call you all week.

DIANE: Yeah, the coverage in Cordovia is--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, Diane.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Listen, I gotta tell you:
I'm sorry I gave you such
a hard time about your trip.
The truth is,
I really am so proud of you.
A lot of people talk big,
but you're actually out there
helping people.
You're the real deal, Diane.

DIANE: Yeah...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: How is it there? Is it amazing?

DIANE: It's... good.
It's hard, but it's good.
I miss you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I miss you, too, but I promise,
these six months are gonna fly by.

DIANE: Yeah. How's the game show going?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, shit, I completely forgot I'm supposed
to be hosting a game show right now.
I gotta go.

DIANE: And that's when you realize
that the book you've been writing
in your head
is never actually going to be a book,
so you stop--

BOJACK: I know what you're gonna say.
I'm a dumb sitcom actor
who's in over his head.
I'm sorry that I thought I could do this.
And I'm sorry I made you come here.
I'm sorry for everything.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Really? I didn't cry.
Oh. All right.
Didn't know I had it in me, did you?
Huh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hold the elevator, please.
I'm all in.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, where's Kelsey?
Uh...
What?
What are you doing here?

DIANE: Hey, is it cool if I crash here
for a couple nights?
I didn't know where else to go.
DIANE: When she got that wine delivered
to the house,
I thought that was her thank-you present,
that she was leaving,
but then she just drank the wine.

TODD: Morning, everybody.

DIANE: Aah! Kinko!

TODD: Another beautiful day
in the city of Brotherly Angels.

BOJACK: Todd, I don't recall
accidentally ingesting poison,
and yet here you are
trying to make me vomit.

TODD: You wanna go buy me a kite
and then fly a kite?

BOJACK: No. Kites are sky trash.

DIANE: Why is it so daytime right now?

TODD: Wanda?
Wanna go surf some cloud waves?
That's what I call wind.

DIANE: Not all of us. Just some of us.

TODD: Oh, yeah, my job.
Morning.
I'm done with my sabbatical
and I'm ready to get back to work.
Oh, I thought
when you said, "You're fired,"
that was just you
"giving me the business."
Oh.
Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.
You wanna go fly a kite?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Put me down
for a supersized "sounds great."
But with an even larger main course
of "sadly, I cannot."
I am swamped here at work.
First, I gotta put my suit on.
Then I gotta go to hair and makeup.
Then we record the show.
And then I gotta take my suit off.
So, that's, like, the whole day. Sorry.

TODD: Ah.
"Looking for a friend?"
Yes.
"Need direction?"
I'm listening.
"Try Scientology"?
Huh.
Huh?
Improv comedy? I don't know...
We're on Mars?
Whoa!
Okay!
Can I bring this food inside the theater?
Oh.

BOJACK: "That's when I learned
that guns can blow a vato away.
But calculus?
Calculus can blow a mind away."
You sure we got it, Abe?
Really? Because that kid sneezed
in the middle of my monologue.
You sure you don't wanna get another take?
Just for safety?
But Secretariat never actually taught math
in South Central.
Yeah, but--
I guess.
I think so. Is that the move
where a French girl pours soup in--
Okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack. Shut up.

BOJACK: Aah! What are you--?
No one can know I'm here.

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Shut your stupid mouth, you idiot.
As you know, you're my favorite client.
If I left Vigor,
would you follow me to a new agency?

BOJACK: Sure, but no one's gonna hire me
after this movie comes out.
The script turned into a piece of shit,
and the director is a total hack.
Good guy, total hack.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Let's get you something
before the movie comes out.
We got an offer in for this new play
off-Broadway.

BOJACK: Theater? That's what real actors do.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, I told them that,
but they said she wanted you.

BOJACK: She?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, this hot new playwright Jill Pill.
She came out of nowhere.

BOJACK: Jill Pill?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: New York Magazine called her
the enfant terrible
of the immersive theater world,
and then later clarified
that that's a compliment.

BOJACK: It sounds like the kind of thing
I should be doing now.
Something artistic and bold.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Rehearsals start in two weeks.
Are you ready to go to New York
for six months?

BOJACK: Are you kidding, New York's a great city to live in
for six months
and not a second longer and only
if you're insanely wealthy. I can't wait!

TODD: That was so funny.
Which one of you guys
wrote all those funny jokes?
Uh... I don't know.
Suggestions?
Is it really that simple?
I've always wanted to be part
of a community.
I thought you said it was free.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I am so proud of you.
Every day I'm telling people all about
the great stuff you're doing there.

DIANE: Yeah, I don't know--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And they say, "Wow, she sounds amazing."
And I say, "I'm here to confirm
she is an incredible woman."

DIANE: Well--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You know, the sound guy's wife
works with at-risk teens.
And I was like, "Yeah, that's okay,
but compared to what my wife is doing,
your wife is bullshit!"

DIANE: Oh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And he had to agree with me.

DIANE: Um--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Because I am his boss.

DIANE: Listen--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Let me talk to one of the locals.
I wanna hear someone else talk
about how what a selfless hero my wife is.

DIANE: Oh, uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ah, now come on.

DIANE: Most refugees got their tongues cut out.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Find one with a tongue.

DIANE: I don't think--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Indulge me.

DIANE: Okay.
Hello. I am refugee from village.
Hey, what's your name, Superstar?
Uh, my name is...
Coffee Maker.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ah. Kofi Makir.
Am I pronouncing that right?

TODD: Who's that?
Yes, I am new.
Who is Jan-Ove Waldner?
Oh.
Let's go talk to him.
No, I'm not.
I don't know...
All right. I'll do it.
Hello, old ma'am.
Yes,
and she exploded?
Hurray, improv! I did it!

BOJACK: That is not what I thought coq au vin was.
But it's great.
Yeah, I can't wait to finally work
on something good, you know?
Although I gotta hand it to your husband.
It has been a really painless shoot,
even though the movie's gonna be
a piece of shit, right?
Hey, it's fine.
Are you kidding?
Did that hurt your feelings?
I mean, you're the one who said
we're not making Casablanca.
Wait, you literally meant we're not making
the actual movie Casablanca?
I think there was a misunderstanding.
What?
Because it's a different kind of pie?
I wasn't trying to antagonize him.
He said, "It's no Casablanca."
Of course you're happy.
You didn't want me to go to New York.
Lucky me, I get to stay here
and work on this terrible movie
that's gonna ruin my career.

DIANE: Or you could sulk about it.

BOJACK: Diane does raise some good points.

DIANE: Why? Just because I've been drinking
myself to sleep on your deck chairs
and lying to my husband for the last week?
Hey, there's a Cheez-It on the shelf.
I knew I kept these things around
for a reason.

TODD: I just had the most amazing prov sesh.
Hey, you guys wanna help me practice?
Make a suggestion.

BOJACK: Stop.

TODD: Aah. Sorry, officer,
I didn't see that stop sign.
Yes.
And my car runs on farts.

BOJACK: Stop. No, stop it.
Not a suggestion.

TPDD: Okay.
I just hope I impress the elder council.
I want to become a Level Two,
so I can finally achieve clarity
on the Mainstage with the chosen ones.

DIANE: Oh, shit, Todd's in a cult.

TODD: What? No, improv is not a cult.
It's just a dogmatic school of thought
taught by a for-profit organization
with the promise of social
and professional opportunities.

DIANE: Ahh.

BOJACK: It's a cult. And I know.
I learned a little about cults
during that year I was a Scientologist.
Coincidentally during that year,
I read a book about cults.
No, Scientology is not a cult.
Improv is a cult.
I wanna be very clear.
This is about improv.

TODD: I really don't think it's that bad, guys.

DIANE: Why does anything matter, right?
Love is an illusion,
and happiness is fleeting,
no such thing as God, and all your
favorite musicians beat their wives.
Allegedly.

BOJACK: Yes.

TODD: Yes, and I am a Nazi Kardashian.
Heyyy... Hitler.
Sorry I'm late, guys!
I'm sorry. But, wait, Bryan isn't here.
He's later than I am.
Is that a reward or a punishment?
Oh, uh, all right.
Well, you know,
I was actually talking to my best friend,
and he said improv is a cult.
I mean, that's crazy, right?
Oh, no. I don't wanna go.
I love this place.
My friend just doesn't know
how great you guys are.
I hate good hard thinks.

DIANE: I love you, too, Mr. Peanutbutter.
But I-- I gotta go.
I'm--
Yeah, I'm building a school for deaf kids.
The kids get jealous
if I'm talking on the phone.
Uh, okay, bye.

BOJACK: So, hey, hi.
How long are you thinking of staying here?
Just for my own reference.

DIANE: Oh, shit.
Is Wanda making you get rid of me?

BOJACK: No one is making me do anything.

DIANE: Except keep acting in this movie you hate.

BOJACK: Well, yeah.

DIANE: I really thought I could do it. I thought
I could go far away and help people
and be this best possible version
of myself.

BOJACK: And what happened?

DIANE: I couldn't.
I wasn't the person I thought I was.

BOJACK: I'd love to stay and wallow with you,
but I gotta head out to set.
Today we're filming what used to be the
scene where Secretariat commits suicide,
but is now a scene where he swims
in a fishing hole
with his girlfriend "Susie Side."

DIANE: Yeesh.
If you wanna blow off work,
I'm probably just gonna sit on the couch,
drink beer, and watch old episodes
of Horsin' Around.

BOJACK: Hmm.
And if I hear one more peep out of you--
Sabrina!
Oh!

DIANE: Sabrina was such a little bitch.

BOJACK: She was an orphan. She had a tough life.
I was gonna, but then I remembered
everything is garbage,
so why bother doing anything?

DIANE: True story.

BOJACK: Oh, you didn't.
Oh, you did.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, could you get the door?
Mm.
Mm. Perfect.
What?
Rutabaga, this is too much--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, your assistant wasn't out there,
so I just-- Ooh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, hello.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's going on in here?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mr. Peanutbutter, shut the door.
Rutabaga and I are starting a new agency,
and we want you to come with us.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, well, well, what delicious irony.
It appears the cat is chasing the dog.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you in or out?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Are you kidding?
You're the agent who got me
Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What do they know?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Do they know things?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Let's find out.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Right--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I like you guys.
I like your hustle
and I like your matching lipstick.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I am in.

BOJACK: Go home, Goober.
Yeah! Go home, Goober!

DIANE: Goober sucks.
Why doesn't he ever go home?
You suck, Goober!

BOJACK: Hey, Goober! Get murdered!

DIANE: Go sit on a sharp dick, you piece of shit.

TODD: Hey, guys.

BOJACK: Shut up, Todd.

TODD: BoJack, listen, I-- Oh!

DIANE: Hey, whoa!

BOJACK: Boo! Party foul!
You knocked over Bucking-can Palace.

DIANE: Come on!

TODD: Uh, sorry, I'll clean that up later.

BOJACK: Listen to this guy, "clean it up later."
Hasn't picked up his shit in years.

DIANE: Clean up your shit, Todd.

TODD: BoJack, I wanted to invite you
to my graduation show tomorrow night.

BOJACK: What?

TODD: Look, I know you think
it's just a dumb cult,
but you're my best friend
and it would really mean a lot
if you came.
I'm gonna go down to the basement
to practice my space work.
And here I am going downstairs.

BOJACK: Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What kind of pants are you wearing now?

BOJACK: What? I don't know. The normal kind.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah? Mm. Are they comfy?
A comfy pair of pants?

BOJACK: I guess. Why?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Just wondering
what kind of hit you're gonna take
when the studio sues the pants off you
for breach of contract.

BOJACK: They're suing me?
Also, are you wearing comfortable shoes?
Because that was a long road to walk
to get to that punch line.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This is serious.

BOJACK: We're not just doing bits?
You started it with the pants thing.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You need to go back to set.
You can't just not go to work.
Remember, you wanted this.

BOJACK: Darn tootin'.
I may be a professional racehorse,
but I'm tired of running in circles.
Anything you want me to do differently?
I'm tired of running in circles.
I'm tired of running in circles.
I'm tired of running in circles.
I'm tired of running in circles.
I'm tired of running in circles.
I'm tired of running in circles.
I'm tired of running in circles.

DIANE: Ta-da!

BOJACK: We did it.
What now?

DIANE: We die, have our guts ripped out
through our noses,
and get enshrined inside of it. Duh.
Ooh...
Oh...

BOJACK: What?
Where? Why?
I'm not really in the mood for--
Oh.
All I've ever wanted
was to be in this movie,
and you just want me
to put on a happy face--
Yeah, that's easy for you to say.
Well, come on.
You're a network executive.
You don't give a shit about work.
What? You have a lot of pride?
Your job is to pump out garbage every year
hoping some of the garbage
stinks less than the rest
so you can quietly renew that garbage
and keep failing sideways
until you retire
to a three-point-five bedroom garbage
in Beverly Garbage
and spend the rest of your life
watching your former assistant's garbage.
Great house, great career, great life!
Must be why I'm so happy all the time!
You don't know--
My life was ruined
by a network executive like you.
Well then, what are you doing here?

BOJACK: Same thing that always happens.
You didn't know me.
Then you fell in love with me.
And now you know me.

DIANE: Oh, shit. Because of me?

BOJACK: No. Because of me.

DIANE: I'm sorry. You wanna watch another episode
of Horsin' Around?
Where Olivia does the school project
where she pretends an egg is a baby.
Spoiler alert:
Ethan needs to make an omelet.

BOJACK: Why won't you go home?

DIANE: I should. I know I should.
I wish I could just go home right now
and crawl into bed
and not have to talk about anything
or explain anything.
He would just say, "How was your day?"
And then he would say,
"Hey, did you know the monorail
was invented by George Monorail?"
And I would say,
"I don't think that's true."
And he would say, "Well, if he didn't
invent it, he certainly perfected it."
And I wouldn't have to say,
"I'm sorry I left.
I'm sorry I made things so difficult.
I'm sorry I'm not the person
I thought I was."
I would just say, "My day was good."
And he would say, "I love you."

BOJACK: The longer you keep lying to him,
the harder it's gonna get.

DIANE: Can I ask you something?
That play in New York,
would that really have made you happy?

BOJACK: Yeah. I mean, for a little bit.

DIANE: And if Kelsey didn't get fired,
and you got to make the Secretariat movie
you wanted to make,
would that have made you happy?

BOJACK: For a little bit.
But then...
Probably...

DIANE: So, what does it matter?

BOJACK: But there has to be more.

DIANE: Well, when's the last time
you were actually happy?

TODD: You microchipped my penis? Check, please!
Ah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh.

DIANE: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey. How are you?

DIANE: I can't do this anymore.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You can't do what anymore?

DIANE: I can't talk to you on the phone
all the time.
It's too hard.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, have you tried Bluetooth?

DIANE: I think maybe we should stop
calling each other, for a little bit.
I'm sorry. I just miss you too much.
But listen, I love you. Okay?
Mr. Peanutbutter?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh, yeah. Uh, okay.
I love you, Diane.
BOJACK: You said if I was in town
to give you a call.
Wanna get a drink?
It's 5:00 p.m. in Los Angeles.
I don't know what time it is.
Really? 'Cause you look like a million...
What about the store?
What if somebody has an emergency
and they need more...
turquoise shit?
It's really good to see you.
Kyle and the kids? Please tell me
that's the name of your band.
Your mom never mentioned she used
to hang out with the BoJack Horseman?
Star of screen and... book?
Never came up?
All these years?
Am I the old man?
Charlotte told me if I was ever
in New Mexico
I should call her.
I, uh...
No, of course not.
That would be crazy,
to come all this way just to see a woman
I haven't had a real conversation with
in 30 years.
I mean, obviously, that would be crazy.
Because she has a family, which is great.
You guys are great.
So, I'm just here to, you know, say hello.
On my way to see...
Yes.
To the sea. To the shining sea.
Because I'm here to buy... a boat.
At the... Santa Fe Boat Show.
That's 'cause... it's a secret boat show.
Invitation-only.
Mostly athletes and visiting dignitaries
and big-time celebrities and... kings.
Jeez, so many questions.
What is this,
Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities,
What Do They Know,
Do They Know Things, Let's Find Out?
Oh, gotta take this.
It's my... boat... guy.
Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, so I got Turtel--

BOJACK: Hey, Knute.
You got any leads for me, boat-wise?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

BOJACK: Sounds perfect, Knute.
Now tell me, do we need a poop deck?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Huh?

BOJACK: Well, if Leo has one, then I want one.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack--

BOJACK: In fact, I want two, two poop decks.
Sorry about that. What's going on?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Where the hell are you?

BOJACK: Tesuque.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Te-who-ka?

BOJACK: Tesuque, New Mexico.
Outside Santa Fe.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you te-stupid?
If you don't get your ass back te-set,
you're gonna get te-sued.

BOJACK: Just get me a couple of days.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: For what? What are you doing there?

BOJACK: I don't know, I just...
This isn't what I expected.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, I can probably stave them off
till Monday if you get pinkeye.
Can you get pinkeye?

BOJACK: I have to go.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wait, BoJack, when are you coming back?

BOJACK: Soon. Yep, I want the starboard
to be fully starboard.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

BOJACK: And the port to be... also starboard.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Huh?

BOJACK: Thanks a lot. Goodbye.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wait, BoJack--

BOJACK: Hey.
Oh, yeah... uh, me, too.
Why would it be weird? At our age,
it's weird if you don't have a family.
I mean...
No.
Right.
Sure, yeah,
my career has kept me super busy.
I really don't want to impose.
If there's anything I can do
to help around here--
What?
Well, I guess I could make some time...
before the boat show.
Keep your eyes on the road,
both hands on the wheel.
Okay.
And don't text and drive,
unless it's an emergency,
like you have a really funny thing
that you just have to text someone.
So, let me ask you something. Tsk.
Do your parents really love each other,
or is it
a stay-together-for-the-kids situation?
I don't know. Just making conversation.
Why do we keep passing the same house?
You shut up. What's the story?
Cute guy live there? Girl you hate?
Weird college kid that gives you Adderall?
Cool thing.
Do I really need
to know these names?
You know I don't know
any of these people, right?
If you're so mostly chill,
why do you keep driving by his house?
That's the whole plan?
I didn't... like the person I was in L.A.
And I didn't know where else to go.
Please do not tell your parents.
What are you doing?
What happened to your plan?
Yeah, deal.

BOJACK: I don't see what's stopping you.
I junked it.
Who needs a car when you got a boat?
Please stay out of the bedroom.
Who?
The boat? It does not.
That actually is a good name for it,
the nongendered object.
Are you flirting with my boat right now?
Knock yourself out.
Yeah, sure did.
Oh, I, uh...
Yeah, I guess, uh... I guess I did...
do what I came here to do.
Yeah? I don't wanna put you out.
Uh, everyone?
What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, great news.
Do you still want to go to New York?
Because Jill Pill--

BOJACK: Jill Pill? I don't care about this.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, moving on. Do you remember
when we were at Herb's funeral
and you told me--?

BOJACK: Whatever it is, I don't care.
Hey, uh, I'm not gonna be back
on set Monday.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? How long do I have
to keep putting out fires for you?

BOJACK: I don't know, Princess Carolyn.
Just let them burn.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

BOJACK: I think I might be here a while.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, I--

BOJACK: Yeah?
So, I had another meeting today
with the Drama Chair at SFCC.
I think they're gonna offer me a position.
There's a real stick-in-the-mud dean there
who doesn't like my in-your-face style.
If I know me, it might lead
to some pretty zany misadventures.
That's right.
That is so typical Diego.
Oh. Rookie mistake.
Well, I don't want to tell tales
out of school,
but this Lyla K. character
sounds like a real bust-ass super-skank.
Penny, hey, I got an idea.
You should take me to the prom.
Everybody loves having BoJack around.
Think about it. If you went with Diego,
you'd be nervous.
"Does he like me? Am I cool?"
But with me you can just relax
and enjoy yourself.
Diego will see you
have a good time without him,
and that'll make him super jealous.
So, he'll come up to you,
and he'll say, "Hey."
And then you say, "Hey."
Right?
Rachel Kaplan's gonna shit herself.
Then he'll say, "Wanna dance?"
And you'll say,
"I'm busy right now. Maybe later."
And then... never dance with him.
Stop poking holes, Charlotte.
This is a great plan.
Everything?
Okay.
Cool.
Whoa, hold on. Responsible adult.
What are you drinking?
Hand it over.
Ugh. Red Bull and vodka? What are you, 12?
You'll get sick drinking all that sugar.
Do they teach you anything in school?
Make a left at the light.
I'll get you some bourbon.
And you'll cut it with water.
That way you don't get hungover.
If you're gonna drink,
you should be smart about it.
Yeah, 'cause it's not a juice box.
Pussy.
Shut up. She's got nothing on you.
Why is nobody dancing?
We gotta get this party started.
Beat it, Poindexter.
It's a nerd reference... 
Just beat it.
All right, folks.
We're taking it back to 1991,
when a new funky-fresh dance craze
took this nation by storm.
Ready for the chorus, stay on the beat,
and here... we... go. Waka waka.
Now boys and girls,
if you wanna do the BoJack,
take your hands and put them on your--
God, no! This is not
the immediate praise I expected.
Or we could go back to the car
and just leave.
Of course you can. You're young.
You can do whatever you want.
That's what they never tell you
until it's too late.
You don't have to be here.
I'd say it's time to get down,
time to hit the town.
Just get in the car.
Okay, one... two... three.
Oh.
I don't know. It just came to me.
Well, you wanna dance?
You know, you look just like your mother.
She just had a little too much to drink.
Take her back to your place.
I'm being careful.
Lock the wheels.
Maddy's gonna be just fine.
They'll know what to do here.
Penny and I are gonna take off.
You don't want too many people around
in a hospital setting.
If anyone asks,
tell them we left the dance early,
and you don't know
where Maddy got the whiskey.
It's one thing if a bunch of kids
get drunk on prom night,
but if there's an adult there,
then it's like I was supposed to be 
the responsible one,
and then the whole thing feels
kind of creepy you know.
Pete.
I'm the adult here,
and I need you to listen to me.
Penny and I left early.
You don't know who gave Maddy whiskey.
Are we clear on this?
I need you to be 100 percent with me here.
It's gonna be okay.
Where did Maddy get the alcohol from?
And what happened to your friends
BoJack and Penny?
See, that's not so hard.
You're doing the right thing.
Don't forget that.
Is it okay?
Or "okay" okay?
All right, that's what I thought.
You're the future of America!
Go, Penny! Go, go, go!
She'll be fine.
It's a part of growing up.
I... 
Look, sometimes when you're an adult,
the right thing
isn't always the best thing.
I'm glad.
Well, you're welcome, Penny.
Whoa, Penny, come on.
With your mouth?
With your mouth?
What kind of health class--?
Look, you are an amazing person,
but you're 17.
Okay, that's not--
Penny, no.
No, you think you do, but...
You don't know what you want.
No, Penny, don't--
What'd you do with my daughter?
She was falling asleep on the ride home.
Where are the boys?
Hey, do you remember that time
you, me and Herb let those balloons go
over Studio City?
Yeah.
True, but--
But it's a nice memory, right?
Before you left town,
you told me L.A. was a tar pit.
Do you remember that?
Well, do you still think it's true?
Me?
Ugh. Now you sound like my mother.
I don't know what to do, Charlotte.
I keep... making these bad decisions.
And hurting people.
Is it a long joke with no punch line?
Then go ahead.
"Don't do that."
That's actually... good advice.
Let's go.
Let's get out of here right now.
You and me, this is real.
You know this is real.
I don't care about your husband.
All that matters is us.
I know you feel it, too.
So many times in my life
I've done the wrong thing,
but this is the right thing,
and I have never been more sure
of anything.
I've wasted so much time sitting
on my hands
and imagining what could have been.
Tell me you don't feel the same.
Tell me you haven't thought about it.
Okay.
Charlotte--
You do.
No, Charlotte please.
These last few months have been amazing.
I love you, your family and this town.
I never wanted to hurt--
I'm sorry I kissed you. I shouldn't have.
We can pretend it didn't happen.
Everything can go back to normal, but--
Please, don't make me go back to L.A.
Okay.
What are you doing here?
Go to bed, Penny.
Charlotte.
Charlotte, I am so sorry--

DIANE: Hey.

BOJACK: Hey.
You're still here?

DIANE: Yep, still here.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Look alive, bright eyes.
It's the morning and somebody loves you.
Right back at you, buddy.
I love you, too.

DIANE: Idea for a new Pixar movie:
what are pizza boxes thinking about?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And Leland Stanford?

DIANE: Transcontinental Railroad.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That is correct.
Next question,
what is my favorite kind of berry?
Barry Bostwick.
I'm so sorry, the correct answer,
of course, was Barry Bostwick.

DIANE: He also likes Franken Berry.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We would have accepted Franken Berry.
I'm sorry, you lose.
That's our show, but before we go
I wanna send out a quick message.
Diane, if you're watching this, I love you
and I know you're doing great things.

DIANE: Idea for a new app: an undo button
that could undo long amounts of time.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, is everyone having a good time? Ha!

DIANE: Three months. A year. A life.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Erica, where did that tooth come from?
All right, let's keep this party going.

DIANE: One click and everything could
just go back to the way it was.
Hey.

BOJACK: Hey.
You're still here?

DIANE: Yup. Still here.

BOJACK: Stop it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wake up, captain dumbshit.
I've been trying to get in touch
with you for two months.

BOJACK: Ow. Okay. I'm awake, I'm awake.
Aah! What is it?
If the studio wants to sue me, tell them
to take my house. I belong to the sea now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are you drunk?

BOJACK: Only on adventure. And gin.
And vodka. And gin.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: They're not gonna sue you.
They finished the movie.

BOJACK: What? How? Explain yourself, land wench.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't know, ask Turteltaub.
That's not why I'm here.
I thought you were in Cordovia.

DIANE: You've been here this whole time?
Idea for a thing Princess Carolyn
should do... Shut up.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Get dressed.
We're going to the orphanage.

BOJACK: What orphanage?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Remember at Herb's funeral,
I asked you what you wanted me to do
with your Horsin' Around residuals?

BOJACK: I do... not remember that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You said, "Give it to an orphanage
or something."

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It turns out you made enough money
to build a brand new one.
So congratulations. You're a hero.

BOJACK: A hero?
You cannot call it that.
A, because I am not a great man and B,
because that is a really stupid name.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Stop pissing off the orphans.
A lot of them grow up
to be serial killers.
Thank you for that lovely song.
But I'm not a good person.
This is the only good thing I've ever done
and I did it by accident.
And it just goes to show you
life is just... Ah, what am I saying?
I don't have to tell you how hard life is.
You're the ones with the dead parents.
No. No. Not necessarily.
Maybe they just didn't want you.
My point is,
I don't understand how people live.
It's amazing to me that people
wake up every morning
and say, "Yeah, another day, let's do it."
How do people do it?
I don't know how.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yay.

TODD: Ha.
Copernicus, how do you always come
up with these amazing butt jokes?
So true. So wise.
Shan't you?
What, number two, how do you do that?

BOJACK: I'm sorry I bailed in the middle of
production. If there's anything I can do.
Really?
Help you out of that tree, ma'am?
You did all that in the computer?
Wait so I'm not in the movie at all?
But it's not my performance.
Are you actually Jewish? Because I feel
some of these you're just making up.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We should a put a social-media desk there.
If we hire someone to micromanage
our clients' online personas
and new media outreach, they'll seem
more grounded down to earth.
Mr. Rabitowitz.
This is a place of business.
Ugh, can we just freeze in this moment
for a second?
I just wanna remember this instant
where for once in my life,
everything was going
What is it?
This is the wife you're divorcing, right?
We've been sleeping together
for three months.
We're about to start a company together.
Listen, this is--
What?

TODD: Ha, ha. Okay, keep the engine running,
I'll be back in a-- Oh.
Hey.

BOJACK: Hey.

TODD: Um, I'm just here to pick up some stuff.
I'm going away for a while.

BOJACK: Oh, where?

TODD: The Giggleship.
It's the comedy cruise line
People magazine
once called "a comedy cruise line."

BOJACK: Comedy cruise line?
Oh right, your improv thing.
How was your, uh, graduation show?

TODD: It was two months ago. You missed it.

BOJACK: Sorry.

TODD: No, you're not.

BOJACK: Well...

TODD: Hey, do you remember the morning
after my first night here?

BOJACK: I don't know why everyone keeps asking
if I remember things. I don't.
Just as a general rule,
if your question begins, "Do you remember"
and doesn't end with "how much you hated
Moulin Rouge," the answer's no.

TODD: I was so happy to have a place
to stay that I made pancakes.
And you kept eating them
so I kept making them.
And then you got mad at me
for letting you eat so many pancakes.
You tried to chase me around the pool,
but you were too hungover
and also full from the pancakes
so instead... you took a nap.
And when you woke up, you said,
"Thanks for the pancakes.
Now get out of my house."

BOJACK: I don't remember any of that.

TODD: Well, anyway, I'm finally moving out,
just like you wanted.

BOJACK: Good. Honestly, you'll probably
be better off without me.

TODD: Yeah. But we had some good times,
though, right?

BOJACK: Did we?

TODD: Right. Well, um, take care.
Hey, I hope you can find a way
to be happy, BoJack.
I really do.

BOJACK: Yeah, okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, Todd?
You need to get your shit together.

DIANE: Ugh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Rutabaga and I are starting a new agency.
I want you to come onboard
and write celebrity tweets.

DIANE: I don't know how to do that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're a ghost-writer.
It's the same as writing a book,
they're just a lot shorter
and more people read them.

DIANE: All right, but why are you helping me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Because my life is a mess right now and I
compulsively take care of other people
when I don't know how
to take care of myself.

DIANE: Oh. I was hoping it was
because you believed in me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't.

TODD: Wow, we must all make a lot of money.
Say what?
Wow. No more couch-sleeping for this guy.
He gets a mattress.
You really are the master
of spontaneous witticisms.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, I am ready.
What's going on?
Oh.
Uh... Oh.
Well, we burned that bridge.

TODD: Hey, Bryan. What's going on here?
That's solid space-work.
Bryan, don't worry.
I'm gonna go to Copernicus
and get this sorted out.
Copernicus? Uh, Copernicus?
Huh?
Huh.
Whoa.
One Hundred and One Butt Jokes?
"No parking in the rear?"
Copernicus is a fraud!
Oh!
No.
No. Shame on all of you! Just wait
till you see my Trip Advisor review.
This cruise is getting three stars.
Because I have very
mixed feelings about it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah.
I don't want to do that anymore.
No. I don't want--
What?
I'm just saying, what, you think you're
gonna find some perfect unattached guy
who's gonna love you like I do?
Who's gonna make you laugh
and feel good about yourself?
I'm not afraid of being alone.
And you might wanna find
someplace else to work
because you're not coming with me.
It's my company.
My name is on all the paperwork.
I think I can do it without you.
Good luck.
My name is Princess Carolyn.

BOJACK: And as I held that baby in my arms,
I knew I had been given a second chance.
A chance to finally make things right.
And this time, I was gonna win...
the race of life.
Whoa. That was actually good.
But it wasn't Secretariat.
And it wasn't me. It was a computer.
Thank you, it's--
I don't have to thank my parents, do I?
Uh...
No. Well, define "weird."
I mean, occasionally.
Thank you.
They don't love me.
They don't know me.
Are you saying that nobody who really
knows me could ever love me?
What am I doing here?

DIANE: Sextina, hi. Thanks for meeting me here.
I'm really excited to be working with you.
Can you spell that last one?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, thank you so much.
You people are the real stars. Huh?

DIANE: Hello?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, Diane.

DIANE: Hey. Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So... How's Cordovia?

DIANE: It's... hard.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Do you know where the batteries are?

DIANE: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The batteries in the remote died.

DIANE: Did you check the junk drawer?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, I looked in the junk drawer.
I think I'm just gonna take them
out of the smoke detector.

DIANE: No, don't do that.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I'm out of options.
Listen, I know this sounds crazy, but I
think maybe you should get back here
so you can help me find the batteries.

DIANE: Yeah?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I know you're doing important work
and it's a long way to travel,
but I need you here
and I think you should come home.

DIANE: Is that really what you want?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Of course it is.

DIANE: Well, okay, I'm looking
at this website right now
and it says if I leave immediately,
I can still make it home tonight.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That sounds great.

DIANE: I love you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I love you, too, Diane.
You know, it's the funniest thing.
There is a woman in this restaurant
who looks just like you.

DIANE: I guess I just have one of those faces.

TODD: Okay, party people,
we have time for one more suggestion.

BOJACK: Todd.
Todd, it's me, BoJack.

TODD: BoJack?

BOJACK: Todd, I'm getting you out of here.

TODD: I can't leave.
I need to take suggestions.

BOJACK: Okay, well, here's a suggestion,
your name is Todd.
You're 24, you live on my couch and
you've always seen the good in me somehow.
You've been brainwashed into thinking
that you belong here, but you don't.
You belong back home.
If you're any kind of improviser,
you'll take that suggestion
and you'll run with it.

TODD: Huh.
Let's get out of here.

BOJACK: What the hell are you gonna do about it?

TODD: Oh, no.
Don't do anything crazy, guys.

BOJACK: You can't be serious.

TODD: Just get behind me, BoJack.
Be reasonable.
You wouldn't wanna puncture the hull.
Especially not when I have this
smoke bomb. Ka-pow!

BOJACK: Seriously?

TODD: Now feel the wrath of my flamethrower.
Oh, no.

TODD: Ugh! BoJack, help.

BOJACK: There is literally nothing
happening to you.

TODD: You don't understand, if you die
in improv, you die in real life.

BOJACK: So stupid. Fine.
I guess I have a guard killing machine?
Beep, boop
This whole ship is full of idiots.
Beep, boop.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, Todd.
Almost there.

TODD: Sorry, improv is fun
and great and everything,
but you guys are really into improv.
I'm gonna go with my friend.

BOJACK: I invited him to.

TODD: It's more complicated than that.
I, uh...

BOJACK: Hash browns.

TODD: What?

BOJACK: Oh, my God, do you ever turn it off?
It was hash browns, not pancakes.
The first morning you stayed with me.
You kept making them and I kept eating
them and then I threw up in the pool.
And that made you throw up in the pool. Then I
got mad at you for throwing up in my pool.
But, you said, "I'll clean it up."

TODD: And did I clean it up?

BOJACK: No. You didn't.
I had to call the pool cleaner.

TODD: Ha, ha.

BOJACK: And you said,
"Thank you for letting me stay here.
I don't have anywhere else to go."
And I remember when you said that,
"I don't have anywhere else to go,"
because I felt good about myself.
And I don't feel that way a lot.
Letting you stay with me
was the best thing I ever did on purpose.
I don't think I ever told you that.
But I should have.
Because you're my best friend, Todd.

TODD: Why do you have a boat?

BOJACK: Uh, I don't remember.
Hello? Prince?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, bozo, I keep getting calls
from this New York playwright,
she really wants to talk to you.
She says you know her, Jill Pill?

BOJACK: Jill Pill?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ring any bells?
Apparently, she worked on your TV show.

BOJACK: Horsin' Around?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, actually. The other TV show.

BOJACK: Other TV show? Oh, shit. Jill.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm moving into the new office
and I got Herb's ashes here.
I really don't know what
to do with this thing.
Do you want it?

BOJACK: Yeah.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why did I take you with me?

BOJACK: Herb loved orphans.
Mostly as a delivery apparatus
for hackneyed punchlines
and mawkish sentimentality, but still.

TODD: Hey, who's Jerb?

BOJACK: What?
Jerb Ka-- Why does it say "Jerb Kazzaz?"
No, obviously that was a typo.
Why would I want to dedicate the orphanage
to the memory of Jerb Kazzaz?

TODD: Kind of sounds like something you'd get
at a Mediterranean restaurant,
but wouldn't finish.
And the waiter would say, "You want me
to box up this jerb kazzaz for you?"
And you'd say, "No."

BOJACK: You gotta fix this.
Jerb's kids?
No, there's no Jerb. It's Herb.

TODD: You know, Herb would probably think
that this is pretty funny
that you couldn't even get this right.

BOJACK: Yeah. He would.

TODD: So, in a way...

BOJACK: Yeah.
You wanna get some
Mediterranean food?
You read my mind.
Oh, God. Lungs on fire.
Ow. Crap. I hate this.
Running is terrible.
Everything is the worst.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Huh?
Yeah?
Okay.
BOJACK: It's a dream come true.
Sitting here? In this hotel room?
It's a dream come true.
Dream come true.
Dream come true.
Just a couple days of fun interviews,
then it's off to Chicago
for more fun interviews,
and then, if I don't blow my brains out,
I get to go back to L.A.
Right. Sorry.
I am so thrilled to be here,
talking with, uh...
Yahoo Finland.
Are you Finnish?
Walked right into that one.
Any award recognition is just gravy.
The real joy is to sit
in this hotel room all day,
answering the same questions
over and over again.
Just write a script for me,
so I don't have to think for myself.
I don't know.
You'd have to ask Tobey Maguire.
Pass.
Horsin' Around was not a sucky show.
It lasted nine seasons.
Its whole purpose
was for people to watch it
so the network could sell ad time,
so the show could make more money
than it cost to produce.
It did that well. It was a good show.
It didn't suck!
Why? Millions of people loved it!
Okay, I hear what you're saying,
but we can both agree Horsin' Around
was a good show, right?
Horsin' Around was a piece of shit.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Looking good. Fantastic.
You need a coaster.
I told you to wear lipstick
and underpants, Teresa.
Great. Thank you, Judah.
Yeah. Thank you
Ping me again in two minutes?
No, five minutes.
Uh, when's our call
with BoJack and Spanakopita?
What?

DIANE: And that is my opinion on the Octomom.
Remember Octomom?
What? You know who was good at stallin'
was Joseph Stalin. 

BOJACK: If anything,
Stalin was ruthlessly efficient.
Get your head out of your ass.

DIANE: He also had a city named after him.
Isn't that right, Princess Carolyn,
who's been here the whole time?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, buddy.
How was your first big day
at the press junket?

BOJACK: It was endless. It was like
the second act of a Judd Apatow movie.

DIANE: The movie's tracking really well
on social.
New media impressions are up
23 percent across platforms.
Oh, I have no idea.
I assumed you would know.
But I keep tweeting things
and they keep getting retweeted,
so we're doing something right.
Yesterday I dropped my phone
in the bathroom
which made BoJack's Instagram
post a picture of the floor,
with the caption "spujb."
That got 4000 likes.

BOJACK: I am exhausted.
Being a movie star is the hardest job.
And we get no recognition.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, you're gonna love this.
I pulled some strings at Manatee Fair
and set up an interview tomorrow night.
Relax. It's not that big a deal.
Listen, Moussaka...

BOJACK: Ladies, please.
There's plenty of BoJack to go around.
I can do all the bullshit things
Ana's scheduled for me in the morning
and still have time for Princess Carolyn's
bullshit thing tomorrow night.
Now, pajamas.
Todd?!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is going on over there?

TODD: Where am I? Bagels? Pizza?
Hipsters? Urine?
Am I in Minneapolis?

BOJACK: What? No, you're in New York.
Follow-up- why are you in New York?

TODD: Beats me. Sometimes I just am places.

BOJACK: I can't get to sleep. Oh, God.
Yeah, that'll do it.

TODD: Is my name Sarah Koenig?
Because I'm about to get cereal.
I am the queen.
Follow me, citizens.
There are no sad times
in our cave of possibilities.

BOJACK: You better not have gotten
your failure stink
all over my important movie star clothes.

TODD: Ohh...

BOJACK: I didn't mean that.
You're my friend
and you don't stink of failure.
Your stink is one of good intentions
and youthful exuberance.

TODD: Hooray, compliment!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, fish! Guys, hold on,
I have to make a quick call.

BOJACK: What? You're already on a call.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sorry.
Please hold.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's your agent!
I wanted to remind you
of your meeting with Pinky today.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I think I'm already in it.

BOJACK: Do I need to be on this call still?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sorry I put you on conference. How do I...?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack Horseman, is that you?!

BOJACK: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey buddy, loved that bathroom floor pic
you posted yesterday.
Spujb! Classic BoJack.
We should get together sometime
and take a selfie.

BOJACK: I'd love to, buddy,
but I'm kinda in New York right now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: New York City?!
They make such great salsa.

DIANE: I'm here too, honey.
Have a great meeting!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane?! Wait, you went to New York?

DIANE: Oh no. I'm just on--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Why wouldn't you tell me?
How long are you-- I'm not accusing.
I just... I feel safer when I know
that I know where you are.

DIANE: I affirm your feelings...

BOJACK: I don't want to--

DIANE: ...your feelings have value,
but I'm not in New York,
I'm just on the conference call.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Guys, can we...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I feel heard.

DIANE: I hear that you feel heard.

BOJACK: What the hell is happening?

TODD: Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter, I'm in New York!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?!

TODD: As Carrie from
Sex and the City might say...
I'm Carrie.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd? In the naked city?
That is going to lead
to some wackiness. You mark my words.
Would you guys literally mark my words?
I do want to refer back to this later on.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Got to go.
It's always "Rabbit, Run" with this guy.
Right?
Oh, yeah. Somebody did their research
on J.D. Salinger.

TODD: What's Updike?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Not much, dyke, what's up with you?
Is "dyke" an okay thing to say now?
Has it been reclaimed?
I honestly can't keep track.

BOJACK: Who are you asking?

TODD: Wow! BoJack and Todd in the Big Apple.
I want to find one of those fortune
telling robots that can make me big!

TODD: You don't need to patronize me.
But, yeah, I can do that important job.

BOJACK: Don't get lost, buddy!

TODD: I'm not gonna get lost.
The city's on a grid, why would I get...
Oh, no.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello? Are you still there?
They may have hung up.
What happened to Wanda?
Oh, God!
Oh, good.
Oh, God!
Oh, good.
Oh, God!

BOJACK: Just coffee.
Don't need to talk to it at all. Thanks.
Thank you, Jill.
Cuddlywhiskers? I haven't talked
to him since the show was canceled.
I'm sure he's fine.
I mean, who returns calls?
Fine. Listen, about the play...
Right.
Okay.
Boy, did New York do a number on you.
I'll stop you there.
I'm not interested in being rebirthed.
I'm still recovering
from being birthed the first time.
Jill, I'm not the guy who does things
that are challenging,
or edgy, or covered in milk.
I'm about to be nominated for an Oscar.
I'm thinking about my legacy now.
I want to do things that connect
with people, things that last.
No, I know, but see, years after I die,
people will still be able
to see me in Secretariat.
And then...
I'll be remembered.
If I win an Oscar, I'll be remembered.
Then my life will have meaning.
I don't know!
Two hours long without an intermission?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm sorry.
Let me just send this one email...
What? Why isn't it sending? Judah!
What? No!
Uh...
Oh...
Oh, I don't know why
I thought I could do this.
I'm drowning, and cats hate drowning.
Okay.
Oh. Like Jerry Maguire.
The part where Tom Cruise's agent
got him a massive payday
for being in Jerry Maguire.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Princess Carolyn?!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, kid, tough break about
the Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities
Whatever, Whatever, Whatever,
but what are we gonna do next?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I was looking forward
to taking some time off.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?
That is the worst idea I've ever heard.
You're the biggest name in TV right now.
and every network would love to air
your next project.
Why don't you get off your lazy keister
and come up with some TV ideas
and make us all billionaires?
Go get us some money.
Go get it, boy. You can do it!
Go! Atta boy!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: There's my favorite accountant!
Great news! P.B. Livin' is back...
...in business!
Yes!
Here we go!
It's gonna be great, as it always is,
from my perspective.

BOJACK: What do you mean, "What's next?"
Why does everything have to have a next?
If you want the real BoJack,
there's already been a whole book written about that.
Who's BoJack now? BoJack is just...
He's a guy who could use a drink,
that's who!
Should we order alcohol?
Trust me, you do not want me
to do this sober.
You don't need to micromanage
everything, okay? I'm not your puppet.
Garçon, dos whiskey sours, por favor?
Actually, make it tres.
And whatever the lady wants.
She's a human, but yes.
Again, a human.
But I like where you're going with this.
It made you wet?!
Oh, okay.
Uh...

TODD: When I first came to New York
I was young, full of hope.
But you get lost in this town.
One day you look in the mirror
and think to yourself,
"Who is this sad, broken man?"
No, don't!

BOJACK: The first thing you notice about BoJack
is he's got a nice buzz going.
What the hell does that mean?
Okay! A manatee and a horse
making out with each other.
Just like in nature.
Remember that episode of Horsin' Around
where Sabrina wanted to be a mermaid?
I'm pretty sure
that never happened on the show.
And they're off!
Yeah. 
But I don't need you to talk.
What?
Sorry, I just... Give me a minute.
No, no, just...
Why did you say
that thing about the boat?
Just forget it. You ruined it.
There's nothing to talk about.
It was a misunderstanding, that's all.
She just walked in
at the worst possible...
It-- It wasn't my fault, uh, right?
On the boat, there was a girl.
In New Mexico.
And she trusted me.
I keep asking myself
if her mother didn't walk in,
would I have done it?
And part of me is sure
that I-- I couldn't.
But another part knows that's a lie.
How do you make something right
when you've made it so wrong
you can never go back?
Yeah.
All my life that's all I've ever done.
What's it gotten me?
I'm not even in it. That's not me.
I was digitally replaced.
Special effects. None of it's me.
I shouldn't even be here.
Oh, shit.

DIANE: BoJack?
It's 4:00 am.

BOJACK: No, it's 7:00. I'm in New York.
I'm calling from the future.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is that BoJack Horseman?
What is this, a crossover episode?

DIANE: What do you want?

BOJACK: Let's say, hypothetically,
you had some information about me.
You were gonna write about it,
I wanted to stop you
before you could get it published.
What would be a smart thing
I could do in that situation
that would change your mind?

DIANE: Are we fighting about the book again?
I don't remember
where we left off last time.

BOJACK: No. Diane, not everything is about you.
For once, I have a problem,
I need your help.

DIANE: Okay, walk me through it again?

BOJACK: I don't have time!
It's already three hours later here!
Thanks a lot. Once again,
you've been no help whatsoever.
Spoiler from the future, you suck.
Sorry, you don't suck. I'm just...
very stressed out right now. Bye.
Oh, come on, come on.
But I haven't even--
But...

TODD: BoJack!

BOJACK: Huh?

TODD: There you are. Stay right there.
You will not believe the night I had.
This city will eat you alive.

BOJACK: Did you get the ice?

TODD: I'll be right back.
I'm lost again!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right, Oxnard.
We are looking at
a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Too bad Todd's not here.
He's always the best
at coming up with ideas
that at first might seem terrible...
Go on.
Hah! That is so me!
A spaghetti strainer that's also a hat?
That is a brilliant idea!
Put that in the maybe pile.
Right now, we need to focus
on TV shows.
That's it! Todd, you've done it again.
Oxnard, I want you to buy out
the entire spaghetti strainer warehouse.
I mean, every spaghetti strainer they got.
I'm putting all my money
in spaghetti strainers for this show.
Don't ask me. It's your idea.

BOJACK: What did you do?
Ana...
There-- There was a moment
back at the hotel where...
I really thought I blew it,
I was scared it was all over, and--
And then after, I was relieved.
I don't know if I should win an Oscar.
I don't know if I want to. I'm not in
the movie.
I was in New Mexico.
What is my story?
Yes, I do.
Being Secretariat
isn't just about running fast.
Secretariat's a state of mind.
It's about doing the right thing,
standing up for yourself.
Why, I look around and I see
a whole room full of Secretariats.
You are Secretariat.
And you are Secretariat.
And you... are Secretariat.
Well yes. Actually, I imagined it a lot.
I always knew I was more
than just a dumb TV actor.
Even if other people
didn't always know that.
Seriously, though...
that TV show...
it wasn't me.
This movie is me.
And I can't tell you how great it feels
to finally be doing
the kind of work that I can be proud of.
BOJACK: Whoa.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So, that was weird.

BOJACK: Yeah. Wait.
Why did you think that was weird?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Just you know, you and me together, weird.

BOJACK: So it's not because
I did that talking penis thing, right?
Just the general concept of us
sleeping together that's weird, right?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah.
Oh, my God, 2007?
Is that what time it is?
I gotta get my Uggs on and get to work.

BOJACK: Well, you sure you don't want
to just hang around for a little bit?
I got no plans.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, sadly, I have to go to my job,
to help my boss find gigs
for you to turn down.

BOJACK: If Marv brought me something good,
I would do it.
Besides, I'm still decompressing
from my last gig.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Horsin' Around?
That ended 11 years ago.

BOJACK: Really? Where does the time go?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So what, you're just gonna stay at home
and get drunk all day?

BOJACK: Don't climb up my ass. I invited you
to play hooky and hang out with me.
I got a new HD DVD player.
Let's get wrecked and get Shreked.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Look BoJack, last night was fun
and you're sweet, sort of.
I don't want to make a thing of this.

BOJACK: Great so we agree. It's not a thing.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Not a thing.

BOJACK: Definitely not a thing.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, this is not a thing.

BOJACK: Yeah.

TODD: "Who do you like,
question mark, colon, bracket"?
I don't like anyone.
If I have to, I guess, uh... Kimber?
Who do you like?
The show, or that weird saxophone
that Kenny G plays?
Whoa! Hey, speaking of mobs,
we gotta bounce if we're gonna make
that flash mob at the Grove.
Man, I love flash mobs.
Whoo! Flash mobs.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Not overseas, underseas.
You're looking at the new face
of Seaborn's Seahorse Milk.
Beats me, but you better believe
I'm trusting Seaborn's.
For all my seahorse milk needs.
Hey, I'm not too big for anything.
And my flip phone
is blowing up with opportunities.
Michael Vick made me
a very strange offer.
But I'm gonna hear him out.
Always take the meeting.

DIANE: Ahem. Can I help you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'll have an Americano
with steamed milk instead of water.

DIANE: One latte?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: For you, my second and final wife?
One lukewarm coffee
for my gorgeous spouse.

DIANE: Name?
Mmm... uh...
Oh, yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thank you, Blarn?

DIANE: That's my name.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Right out here, Marv, same place
I've been for the last 14 years.
We have three standouts here.
A feature called
No Country For Old Men.
It's about a hunter who--
Then you might not like this next one,
There Will Be Blood?
Oh!
This last one is really special.
It's a TV pilot from a veteran sitcom
writer named Cuddlywhiskers called...
Hmm... Mitch's Life.
I think if we attach the right talent,
this could be a hit.
You know who'd be great?
BoJack Horseman.
I think with the right project,
BoJack could--
No.
You know,
I would like to be an agent someday.
Mark my words.
Hmm...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, I brought you Four Loko.
I brought four Four Lokos.
That's 16 Lokos.

BOJACK: Finally someone brings me
an adequate amount of Lokos.
Are you trying to get me drunk?
You were trying to get me drunk.
Where are you taking me,
what am I wearing?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: To a meeting, and your clothes.

BOJACK: Is this a fedora?
What am I, Jason Mirzizzerzaz?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't know who you're talking about.

BOJACK: You know who I'm talking about.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I knew you wouldn't take this meeting
if I didn't trick you into it.
Cuddlywhiskers has a great script
and wants to meet you.

BOJACK: I have a script for you. It's called
"The BoJack Says No Chronicles".
Fade in, Princess Carolyn's car.
Princess Carolyn: "Hey, BoJack, you want
to do this dumbass thing?" Act break.
Act two.
BoJack turns to Princess Carolyn.
BoJack: "No, thank you." End of episode.
You see, this is why I don't
go out amongst the not-famouses.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Just do me a favor
and take this meeting.
If you're a good boy,
we can do that weird French thing
you saw in that Internet video.

BOJACK: Ooh, parkour?
Huh.
That show did so much
for the way society views krill people.
Did you try spending the money on things?
Whoa.
Uh...
You wanna to tell me about the show?
I hear it's great.
Yeah, I got it.
Huh.
I got it.

DIANE: Yes, Wayne.
Oh, my God, check it out,
a rejection letter from The New Yorker.
"Dear Diane.
We are sorry to say that your piece,
'An Open Letter to Open Letters',
wasn't right for us,
despite its evident merit."
Do you know what this means?
Someone gave my piece a read
and decided against it.
I never even thought they'd read it.
Then they typed me a letter
that said it had "obvious merit".
For two people
who don't like The New Yorker,
you know a lot about the different
sections of The New Yorker.

BOJACK: And then Cuddlywhiskers said:
"What if we stopped thinking of TV
as a conduit to tell stories
and thinking of it
as a conduit to tell truth?"
And I was like: "Damn, this guy
must have gone to Yale or something."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sounds like you two really hit it off.

BOJACK: We were like Heidi and Spencer
up in there.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So you're gonna do the show?

BOJACK: Nah. Timing's really off right now.
iPhone's coming out this year,
I need to gear up for that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm done. That's it, I'm tired
of bending over backwards for you.

BOJACK: I mean this in all seriousness,
professionally or in bed?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why won't you do this?
Give me one good reason.

BOJACK: Because his show sounds incredible.
And what if... I'm not?
What if there's a reason the only thing
I'm known for is Horsin' Around?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, you are amazing.
You're bright and you're funny
and you're handsome and you're talented.
But if you can't see that,
then you're the biggest,
dumbest piece of shit in the world.

TODD: How long do we have to stay in here?
Uh...
That's not true. It's just that, Emily...
I've never kissed anyone before.
Okay, so how should we do it?
French style, Eskimo, Butterfly?
Okay.

BOJACK: Jeez, sleep much?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Jeez, watch me sleep much?

BOJACK: Well, I couldn't sleep.
I kept thinking about
today's first read-through.
These things
are always so nerve-wracking,
to sit there and perform
for all these people like some kind of a--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Professional actor?

BOJACK: Very funny.
Before I forget, I got you a present.
It's a box...
with crinkly tissue paper inside it.
How did you know?

BOJACK: Thank you
for putting this whole thing together.
Even though I still can't believe
I let you talk me into this.
Promise me
everything's going to be okay?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I promise it's gonna be great.
If you get scared,
look for me in the audience.
I'll be there the whole time,
laughing and cheering louder than anyone.

BOJACK: "Goodbye, old friend."
Thank you.
That's the worst part of America.
Other than the bottom,
the top and most of the sides.
Huh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow.
It seems like you're really
in sync with this Justin guy.
You should do all the things
with him that I can't do.
Like eat chocolate,
or enjoy fireworks, or watch tennis.
Why, tennis makes me so mad.
Why doesn't anyone ever catch the ball?

DIANE: Mom, I'm finally gonna be
a published writer.
My "Open Letter to Open Letters"
is going to be published in McSweeney's.
No, Mom. It's a very popular website.
Mom.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And my Blockbuster original series
has been keeping me very busy.
Babe, it makes total sense.
They make the whole season,
put it on six DVD's.
People go to their local Blockbuster Video
and rent it out one disc at a time
for five days each.
They can just get something else,
like The Illusionist or The Prestige.
Whichever one you were in.
Do you?
I get excited by the possibilities.
Look, a CD, at a coffee shop?
That is crazy.
Buying it.

BOJACK: You heard what the network said.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yoo-hoo! I also heard that.

BOJACK: Exactly. The network loved it.
Obviously, we're playing it too safe.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: If you want my opinion, fellas,
you hit oil, stop drilling.
"I am an oil man.
I drink your milkshake."
That'll be funny in a year or so.

BOJACK: Before that got sad and weird,
you said, "If you want my opinion,"
and we don't.
Cuddlywhiskers, you told me
you wanted to do something different.
Now we're doing something that's gonna be
"just as good as Horsin' Around."
Is that what you wanted?
Because that's not why I'm here.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I really think you're making a mistake.
I'm not about to take career advice
from somebody who's been
an assistant the last 14 years.
Is that how you think of me?
As your agent's assistant?

BOJACK: What do you think you are?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't know.

BOJACK: Here's some free advice:
you should know.
Why don't you leave this to the grown-ups?
Somebody needs coffee,
I'll give you a ring.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, best of luck.

BOJACK: Cuddlywhiskers,
let's give ourselves one night
to stick our dicks in this script
and go balls deep into the universe.
I want to be an agent. I think I'm ready.
It's just called "agent", Marv, agent.
What?
Oh, my God, I'm an agent!
I'm gonna make it after all.
First thing I'm gonna do
is get rid of that ceiling fan.

BOJACK: How do we make it clear
that this isn't Horsin' Around?
What if in the very first scene,
we show my character
literally taking a massive dump
on a VHS copy of Horsin' Around?
I want this character to be really edgy,
the kind of character Denis Leary
would be offered and then say:
"This character's too edgy for me."
Like if every time he entered the room
he was like, "Whassup, bitches?"
But not that, because that's horrible.
But something like that.
That is so dumb.
Yes, put that in.
Put all this in, this should be the show.
Yes. This is brilliant.
Oh, my God, yes.
Just him turning the page.
A close-up of my eyeball.
The real shit, they never show that.
Wow, we did it.
We stayed up all night, but we really made
something new and different and daring.
We've changed everything but the title.
Oh, Cuddlywhiskers,
I don't know what to say.
Something like that.
We'll figure it out.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Seriously, can I hear 400 dollars?
Let's not forget why we're here tonight.
To raise money
for the John Edwards campaign.
You know I was talking
to one of the volunteers earlier
and she was just gushing
about how John Edwards touched her.
I say, let's make this man president
so he can touch whoever he wants.
Four hundred dollars.
Erica, you know you're not
allowed to vote in national elections.

TODD: You sure it's okay
to be in your parents' bedroom?
Uh...
No. I'm ready for sexual situations.
Hooray. Um, taking your virginity.
Okay, here we-- Here I go.
Uh, this is Todd doing sex.
Your dad, the mobster?
You said he was like that guy
from The Sopranos.
Oh, God, oh, God! Even worse.
He must be so desensitized to violence
and nihilistic ruminations
on the banality of evil.
You know I love shimmying,
but that's a two-story drop.
Uh, okay.
Oh, shit.
Sorry.
Whoa, whoa, Tony marries Dr. Melfi?
Mamma mia!

BOJACK: So, the island's purgatory, right?
Hold that thought.
Hey, Princess Carolyn, you came.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I figured since I'm your agent, I should
at least show up to your premiere party.

BOJACK: Look I know I haven't called in a while.
I've been really busy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I figured you'd call me
if you needed a coffee.

BOJACK: Ouch.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, big premiere tonight.
Very exciting.

BOJACK: Yeah.
After tonight, it's no more "Aren't you
the horse from Horsin' Around?"
From now on it'll be,
"You're BoJack Horseman."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm happy for you, BoJack.

BOJACK: So how about a kiss for good luck?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, BoJack.
I'm your agent and your friend,
and I will always support you.
But I'm 33 years old, and I want
to have a family by the time I'm 40.
I don't want to spend the next seven years
in and out of love with you.
I've wasted too much time
waiting for things to happen.
And I'm not gonna wait anymore.
And for what it's worth, I always liked
the horse from Horsin' Around.

BOJACK: You did?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah. Everybody did.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can we not fight while I'm at a gig?
There are a lot of big producers,
this could be my next big break.
I now pronounce me very impressed,
but I'm not getting those kinds of offers.
Hey, if you like Justin so much,
maybe you should just continue
to be really good friends with him.
Uh, I didn't say that.

DIANE: You wanted water?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thanks.
Wait. Blarn, right?
Yeah, from the coffee shop.
What are you doing here?
Is there coffee to "bariste"?

DIANE: I also do cater waiter gigs
to make ends meet.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You "bariste" and cater and waiter?
Triple threat.
I should be bringing you the water.

DIANE: You know, just for the record, I think
it's cool that you put yourself out there.
A lot of guys in your position
wouldn't take gigs like this.
They'd be afraid people
would make fun of them.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's dumb.
If you care about what other people think,
you're never gonna do anything.

DIANE: Yeah, you're right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, my God, I'm so glad you agree.
For a second I was like, "Why did I say that?
That was so dumb."
Then you were like, "That's right."
And I was like, "Ooh! Validation."
Hey, mind if I change out of this shirt?

DIANE: Go ahead.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: This monkey suit is killing me.

DIANE: Oof! Hey there, Delilah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Sweet hang, Blarn.
You're one in a million.

DIANE: Actually, my name isn't Blarn.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?

DIANE: I put that on my nametag as a dumb joke
to subvert the idea
of co-opting personal identity
to further corporate branding which,
as I'm saying it, isn't much of a joke.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: "Blarn." That is very funny.
You should be a writer.

DIANE: Thanks. I'm Diane.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mr. Peanutbutter.

DIANE: Yeah, I know.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Add me on MySpace, okay?

DIANE: Sure.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right.
Guess I'll see you around, Diana.

DIANE: It's Diane.

BOJACK: Hey, buddy, slight change of plans.
Call it off.
Call the whole thing off.
Call the network,
cancel the whole thing.
Nobody wants to see me take a dump
on a Horsin' Around VHS.
Easy for you to say.
It's my name on the show.
This is why I didn't want to do
another TV show. Everything was perfect.
Yes, I am.
Whassup, bitches?
BOJACK: What happened to my birthday cake?
Go home, Goober.

BOJACK: Hey, Jill.
An elementary school all inclusive
non-denominational winter day pageant.
Jesus, Jill.
And you thought your play sucked.
Well, regardless.
A lot of these fancy kids'
fancy parents are Oscar voters.
If I wanna get nominated,
I got to rub elbows
and whatever the non-denominational
word for schmooze is.
He's doing great.
Little of this, little of that.
Likes to go jogging... in a big wheel.
Completely forgot.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Did you miss the three wise people make
their journey to visit the regular baby?
Oh, fine, if it'll finally make you stop
calling me, asking me to go on errands.
What do you need?
That was not enough time to prepare.
What's in the letter?
Are you in the Academy?
Then I don't care what you think.
Hey I got to go do a thing for someone.
That is literally the first time
anyone ever said that to me.

DIANE: Hashtag you betcha.
Did I just say hashtag out loud?
Hashtag, oops. Hashtag, oh no!
Okay I'll take a smoke break
before these little boogers
dig into the refrain
of "Frosty the Non-Gendered Snow Person."
Ugh. Could you imagine having a kid? Eww.
Hey, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello, my precious darling
slice of sunshine,
who I am not putting on a pedestal.
Just calling for our daily download,
as per Dr. Janet's
friendly but firm suggestion.
When do you think you'll be home?

DIANE: Uh, it might be late.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay, just let me know.
I cherish you, I respect you
and you have value.

DIANE: I feel valued and I value you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I am hearing that and I accept that.
Diane?

DIANE: Yes?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Do you accept my acceptance?

DIANE: I hear it and I accept it and I value it
and all the other verbs.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Promise you won't work too hard today?

DIANE: I won't, if you promise me
you won't bother that skunk next door.
I don't want to come home
to a stinky husband.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That is some great food for thought.
I gotta go right now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mr. Peanutbutter,
my favorite weekday client.
Why are you calling on the weekend?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I need your help.
I've done something bad, very bad.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Put the corpse on ice, I'm on my way.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What? No, it's not. Why would I--
Listen, I was sniffing around
where I didn't belong and I got skunked.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You got to help us.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Us?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd's here too.

TODD: I'm skunked, Princess Carolyn.
Skunked real bad.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, yeah, we got real bad skunked,
super skunked.
Hardcore.

TODD: Yeah, hardcore skunked.

PRINCESS CAROLYN:Okay. First things first,
don't go back in the house.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Sadly, you can call me L.L. Cool J
because I am in the house.

PRINCESS CAROLYN:Yecch! Okay, don't move.
I'll be there in 20.

BOJACK: Hey do you mind if I do this real quick?
I gotta pick up a letter.

DIANE: Actually can we just make the appearances
we're supposed to make and go home?
Oh, sure.

BOJACK: You know I haven't seen you much
since you moved out of my deck chairs.

DIANE: You know, I've been focusing
on my new job and my marriage and--

BOJACK: And avoiding me?

DIANE: I'm not avoiding you.
I'm just making an effort
to not be in a room alone with you
because I am... avoiding you.

BOJACK: Oh.

DIANE: You know, I think we're alike
in a lot of ways.

BOJACK: I always tell people
you're like the not-cool version of me.

DIANE: Sometimes that's great,
but it also means we can bring out
the worst in each other.
I'm trying to get my life back on track.
I just think maybe it's better,
for both of us,
if we keep things
a little more professional.

BOJACK: Yes, okay. Professional.
BoJack and Diane being professional.
Doing our jobs and nothing else.
Hey look we're at the place I needed to go to.
It's so weird I drove here on accident.
Might as well run in
and grab that thing I need to get.
Then, back to business.

DIANE: It's spooky in here. Too spooky.

BOJACK: Really?
And what would be the right amount
of spooky? Jesus, this thing's heavy.
Now I know how Hilary Swank's arms
got so jacked.

DIANE: Put it down, BoJack.

BOJACK: Does it look weird?
Me with an Oscar?
I actually think that it feels--

DIANE: Oh, my God.
I think she's dead.

BOJACK: Hold on, maybe she's not dead.
Maybe she's just being a-- a whale?
No, she's dead.

DIANE: Maybe there's someone
in her phone we can call.

BOJACK: Diane, kids these days don't call.
They communicate
via a combination of text messages,
eye rolls, and dick pics.

DIANE: Oh, my God.

BOJACK: What is it? Dick pics?
See if they spell out a message.
Oh, man.
Listen, Officer--
Eh...

PRINCESS CAROLYN:Ohh! It smells like a skunk
skunked another skunk in here,
then they smoked a joint.
What happened?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well first I rolled all over the couch
to get the skunk stench out,
but that did not work.
Then I ran into every room to rub myself
on all my clothes and belongings,
to get the Mr. Peanutbutter smell back.

TODD: And then I smoked a joint,
so that might be
why it smells like skunk in here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Princess Carolyn, I have to fix this
before Diane gets home.
Things have been a wee bit shaky with us
since she pretended
to be out of the country for two months.
And then when I filled our entire house
with these giant crates
of spaghetti strainers, that did not help.

PRINCESS CAROLYN:Why buy these spaghetti strainers
in the first place?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I don't even remember.
I'm sure it'll pay off at some point.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Man, married life is weird.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We're making an effort
and getting stronger every day,
but I swear to God we are like five
big fights away from a divorce,
and I do not want this to be one.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, number first.
We got to get you in a tomato bath.

TODD: Mmm! Delicious and nutritious.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is marinara all right,
or will I need something zestier
like Arrabiata?

TODD: Tomato bath.
Whoa!
I am so high right now.
Wait, was there a skunk in here?

BOJACK: Uh, who's Nadia?
Now I know her name is Nadia.
Yes although I am trying to branch
into more serious roles.

DIANE: You pigs think you can march all over us.
But I know my rights.
I mean, I don't know them know them.
But I know that I have them.
So, can I check my phone real quick?
What? No.
I'm just supposed to moderate
an Emily VanCamp live-chat talkback
on Snapchat.
Let me just set up
the user preferences here, and...
you can't detain us
unless we're under arrest.
Nope, that was just a thing
I already knew.

BOJACK: Okay let's get the hell out of here.

DIANE: BoJack, I need to show you something.
This is Nadia's phone.

BOJACK: I did not know you were such a klepto.
I can buy you a new phone.

DIANE: Check this out,
the last text message she sent.

BOJACK: "BoJack is going to kill me?"

DIANE: I think someone's trying to frame you,
for murder.

BOJACK: Oh, my God, we're gonna be late
for the Bat Mitzvah.
We got to get to Brentwood.
At this time of day?
It's gonna be... murder.
Hey!

DIANE: I can't believe
you're not more concerned about this.
Someone is implicating you in a murder.

BOJACK: Hey I can be two things at once.
I am very concerned,
but also very proud
that today Tovah is a woman.
Hi, BoJack Horseman,
potential Oscar nominee.
I am kvelling over here. Real verklempt.
Shabbat shalom. Shabbat shalom.
Shabbat shalom to you.

DIANE: We need to figure out who's behind this.
Call Jill, find out what she knows.

BOJACK: Yes cood thinking.
If I go to jail, that will throw
a monkey wrench into my awards campaign.
The Academy does not look kindly
on murder.
Rape, they don't seem
to have a problem with.

DIANE: Be careful though. Jill could be the one
trying to set you up.
She did send us to the house.

BOJACK: Okay backstrom, turn it down a notch.
Aren't you supposed to be tweeting for me?
This is a crucial weekend
for BoJack brand awareness.

DIANE: What am I supposed to tweet?
"Someone got murdered, we found the body.
Hashtag murder party"?

BOJACK: No, obviously.

DIANE: Bat Mitzvah in Brentwood.
Hashtag Jewish stuff.

BOJACK: Hey, Jill.
You're not trying to frame me
for murder, are you?

DIANE: Can you take this seriously?

BOJACK: Can you take this seriously?
Yeah I've been pretty tied up
at Drake's cousin's Bat Mitzvah.
Did you know Drake's cousin was Jewish?
See this is why I couldn't live in New York.
Everyone's so bossy.
Also, what's with the pizza
by the slice thing?
Hey, New York,
either eat a pizza or don't.

DIANE: I'm calling the last person
Nadia was in contact with before she died.
Maybe she knows something.
No, this is--
That man's voice sounded familiar.

BOJACK: Yeah, super familiar.
Something about that voice
made me want to tell it to go home.

DIANE: It's Goober.

BOJACK: Goober.
That guy never went home.
Except for that one episode
"Goober Goes Home,"
because we were
on a softball team together
and the home was home plate.

DIANE: They must be at Whale World.

BOJACK: Okay, good. Because I absolutely
want to get to the bottom of this.
But also can we at least wait
until after they lift the chair?
Because that is my favorite part.

DIANE: Yeah, we gotta lift the chair.

TODD: Oh, I taste delicious.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How you boys doing in there?

TODD: Ahh! I feel clean as a whistle.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, no, the stain.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Me three.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You took your bath together?

TODD: Lena Dunham takes baths with her friends
and no one gives her shit.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Gotta-- Gotta get dry.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mr. Peanutbutter, use the towel.
Do not shake.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The sauce is so sticky and wet.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Don't shake.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's dripping all over my body.
I gotta shake!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, look, that made things worse.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, I'll call a cleaning service.
You two get rid of the stinky clothes.

TODD: You got it, chief.
Hooray! Following instructions.

DIANE: Ooh.
Fish half off at Beverly Hills
farmers market.
Hashtag something fishy this way comes.

BOJACK: You're not putting emojis in, are you?
BoJack don't tweet emojis.
Oh, hey... you.
Uh, yeah.
Okay, buddy.
You got it, Goober.
Okay, maybe I will.
Uh...
I want to say Goo... bert.
Goobert?
No, we did, but--
Yeah.

DIANE: We're looking for one of your strippers,
Skinny Gina?
We're just here to ask you some questions
about your friend Nadia.
Oh, please.

BOJACK: Ugh, gross. Private dance?
But if that's the only way she'll talk,
then fine.
Fine, I'm offended. Yuck.
But really, guys, gross. Start it now.
But gross.

DIANE: Oh, um, you can dance however
you want. Don't do this for my benefit.
Tango, waltz, salsa.
I'm just saying, but pretend I'm not here.
How would you dance then?
Listen, we have some bad news.
Your friend Nadia is dead.

BOJACK: You're not?

DIANE: Shit.

BOJACK: What do you know about Nadia's
relationship with Cuddlywhiskers?

DIANE: That's it?

BOJACK: What do you mean, "system"?
No, I know what the word "system" means--

DIANE: That text that Nadia sent you,
"BoJack is going to kill me."
Any idea what that's about?

BOJACK: How do you not know about BoJack?
I am very famous.
Alright.
Hey there, fella.
Can't wait for you to see Secretariat,
think you're gonna love it.
Hey, old pal.
Hope you remember how to vote.

DIANE: We have to go
to this Whale World party.

BOJACK: Oh I know I should go,
I'm invested in figuring out
who's trying to frame me for murder.
Are you sure you wanna go with me?
Outside of work hours?
I wouldn't want to be unprofessional.

DIANE: Sorry about what I said.
I was just embarrassed by the person I was
when I was staying with you.
I'm trying not to be that person.

BOJACK: So what I make you unhappy?
Is that what you're saying?

DIANE: It's not about being happy.
That's the thing.
I'm just trying to get through each day.
I can't keep asking myself, "Am I happy?"
It just makes me more miserable.

BOJACK: Of course.

DIANE: I don't know if I believe in it,
real lasting happiness.
All those perky, well-adjusted people
you see in movies and TV shows?
I don't think they exist.

BOJACK: No one's happy all the time.
You have to focus on the small things.

DIANE: Right.

BOJACK: Like winning an Oscar.

DIANE: Right.

BOJACK: Hey, old pal.
Look at this guy, still alive.
Hope your voting finger works.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What happened out here?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You told us to get rid of the clothes.

TODD: Oh, we got rid of 'em, all right.
They're never coming back.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You two are impossible.
Why did you even call me here?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Because you're Princess Carolyn,
and you can fix anything.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's true.
But you can't start a fire on your lawn.
There's a drought and--
There's a drought.
So you, thoughtful husband that you are,
got rid of your lawn,
and replaced it
with drought-resistant landscaping.
Okay this could work.
I got to make a few phone calls.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Aw, thanks. You're the best.
I tell you, I've got half a mind
to go over
and give it to that skunk
for starting this whole darn thing.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No. You go inside to your spot
and stay there while I fix this.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, but-- Right, but, um...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Stay. Stay.
Stay.

BOJACK: Oh, my God.

DIANE: Ugh.

BOJACK: I, uh...

DIANE: Living the nightlife.
Hashtag feeling good about myself
and my choices.

DIANE: Hey, look.

BOJACK: Let's definitely follow that guy.
Ladies first.

DIANE: What a gentleman.

BOJACK: Ohh.
Whoa.

DIANE: Ooh.

BOJACK: Ohh. Oh, my God.
BoJack kills?

DIANE: Something tells me that's not a reference
to your old stand-up act.

BOJACK: Was that necessary?

DIANE: I'm with BoJack.

BOJACK: See what?
Fine.
Thank you. Finally.
Huh?

DIANE: BoJack, you didn't kill Nadia.
BoJack did.

BOJACK: What?
What? No, Goober.
I actually seriously don't.

DIANE: We just wanted to know why everyone
was talking about how BoJack kills?

BOJACK: Why would you implicate me
in your drug business?
Wait, I get what happened.
You resented me all these years.
My fame, your obscurity.
You made me the face of this drug,
because to you my face is a symbol
for the opiate of show business.
Huh?
What?
Uh-huh. Uh...
Oh, right, Reggie.
That's what I said. I said Rickie.

DIANE: Thank God. How did you find us?

BOJACK: Okay what do we know?

DIANE: Nadia was not murdered.
She died of a heroin overdose.

BOJACK: So no one tried to frame me.
All right, back in the Oscar race.
Look out, Jurj Clooners.

DIANE: But something's still fishy
about this whole mess,
and it's not just the killer whales.

BOJACK: Whales are mammals, Diane.

DIANE: I said it's not the whales.

BOJACK: You said it's not just the whales.

DIANE: There's more to this story.
What are we missing?

BOJACK: Cuddlywhiskers. What was Nadia
doing in his backyard in the first place?
What was this "system"?
And where is he now?

DIANE: Why was it so important to Jill
to get that letter back?

BOJACK: Oh, yeah, the letter.
God this mystery has too many things.

DIANE: I say we go back to the house and
finally get to the bottom of what's what.
Oh, this is turning into a real caper.
A real Jill Pill jail fail
killer whale caper.

BOJACK: You're doing 50 in a 35.

DIANE: Oh, God, you're right.
I feel so alive.

BOJACK: This letter is really graphic.
It's all about their magical nights
up at the Ojai property.

DIANE: Ojai property?

BOJACK: She wrote out the sounds.
What is a "sploink"?

DIANE: Did you know Cuddlywhiskers
had an Ojai property?

BOJACK: Sure. He always loved
to disappear up there.
After our show got canceled,
he went there for six months.
It's funny, because at the time no one knew
where he was and we got really worried.
Anyway, wonder where he went this time.
Oh, you know what?

DIANE: I don't see him. Do you?

BOJACK: Huh.

DIANE: Shit.
Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, where the hell are you?

DIANE: Ojai.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, hi? You've been gone all night,
all you have to say is "Oh, hi?"

DIANE: I'm so sorry. BoJack and I
were trying to find a killer and--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, you're with BoJack still?
Well, that explains it. Of course.

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter,
I understand and affirm your feeling--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm glad you're safe.
I was worried about you.

DIANE: What I'm hearing you say is you were--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, stop.
You have to call me.
It doesn't matter what's happening,
doesn't matter
if it's the middle of the night.
You can't keep doing this to me.

DIANE: I'm sorry. I'm coming home.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm going back to bed.
We'll talk about this in the morning.

BOJACK: Everything okay?

DIANE: No.

BOJACK: Sorry.

DIANE: It's not your fault.
It's my fault.

BOJACK: Oh. Because you're sober?

DIANE: Everyone was worried about you,
you know.
You can't just disappear.
You really hurt a lot of people.
You don't think that's a little selfish?

BOJACK: Can you believe that guy?
What a nut, right?

DIANE: I just wanna go home.
BOJACK: Why do I have to go to this thing?
I can't just go to Cannes?
Hey, I stand by my critique of Sartre.
His philosophical arguments helped
tyrannical regimes justify overt cruelty.
Also, the French smell and I hate them.
Someone had to tell him
The Horse Whisperer was offensive.
Sorry, but real horses don't just do
whatever someone says.
If you say so.
Fine.
Fish. They're so annoying.
Sorry, lady. No habla fish talk.
Yes, I know what a thumb's up means.
I'll be fine.
Kelsey? No.
I haven't talked to her
since she got fired from Secretariat.
God, I haven't been underwater
since my mother tried to drown me
in the bathtub when I was 22.
I can't do this, Ana. I'm sorry.
I'm getting off.
No. I don't want to do this.
You can't make me.
I'm a land creature.
I don't belong down there.
You can lead me to water,
but you cannot make--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh oh

BOJACK: Oh, you have got to be kidding
TODD: Hey, buddy, big day.

BOJACK: No.

TODD: Big premiere day.

BOJACK: Stop.

TODD: Secretariat in theaters now.
How exciting.

BOJACK: Please stop.

TODD: People are seeing your movie,
forming opinions, judging you,
all over the country.

BOJACK: What are you doing?

TODD: Or not. Maybe nobody's seeing it.
Wouldn't it be weird
if literally nobody saw your movie?

BOJACK: How do I get out of this conversation?

TODD: Just think: by this time tomorrow,
we'll know if it's a hit or a flop.
The air crackles with possibilities.

BOJACK: Oh, good lord. 

TODD: Uh-oh.

BOJACK: It's all over. My career is gone.

TODD: I'm sure it's going to be fine.
Wasn't Secretariat a big hit
at the Pacific Ocean Film Festival?
Critics called it,
"Gurgle glub glub blub blub."

BOJACK: Festivals don't matter, Todd.
It's so you can get some leaves
on your poster.
But this is the real world now.
If this doesn't hit big this weekend--
It's-- Oh! Oh, God. 

TODD: Oh, no!
BoJack, it's gonna be okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN:  BoJack, the East Coast box office is in.
Secretariat is, wait for it...
a huge success!

BOJACK: Why would you make me wait for it?
That was a terrible time
for a "wait for it."

PRINCESS CAROLYN:  Do you know what this means?
You're no longer just some TV actor
they threw into a movie,
you're a bona fide movie...
wait for it, star.
BoJack, how do you feel?

BOJACK: Awesome.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We defy odds,
we face challenges with valor,
and we never give in.
For those reasons, and many more,
our love is like the team
that inspired the movie Cool Runnings.
If I may borrow
that film's promotional tag line,
"Jamaican Bobsledders?"
That's right, Diane.
"Jamaican bobsledders."
Thank you, Dr. Janet,
for Jamaican me open up like that.

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter, I think you are great.
I'm sorry.
I'm not always good at using words
to describe emotions.
Writer/social media coordinator/
director of New Media Outreach.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's the very blade of the bobsled.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Not "tooth" shabby, Judah.
Yeah, what's up?
Are you asking for a raise?
Well, then, it's settled.
A night off?
When's the last time that happened?
Get me a date for tonight.
Make that three dates.
Who knows when I'll get another night off?

BOJACK: Excuse me, my good man.
My movie, starring me,
the movie star, just opened.
We'd like to sit at the bar.
Drinks on the house.
Yeah. Beat it, Kiefer.

TODD: Wow!
They love you here.

BOJACK: Everybody loves a movie star, Todd.
I'm gonna get a lot of love.
I want you by my side,
soaking up the spillover
and feasting on my discarded leftovers.

TODD: Sounds great, Boj.

BOJACK: Tonight, we're riding
a rocket straight into the sun.
And you're not getting left on the launchpad
just because nobody knows your name.

BOJACK: I think you mean BoJack.
BoJack Horseman.

TODD: Emily.

BOJACK: No, BoJack. Why do people keep
saying names that aren't my name?

TODD: Thanks. What brings you here?

BOJACK: Why is everybody not talking about me
for a moment? This is concerning.
Yeah, duh.
You mean Horsin' Around?
Thank you?
Yeah, I got it.
You're being very clear.
Okay you don't have to keep--
Thanks. I love you.
By which I mean, you're terrible.
Wait, did you say there's a wedding?
Whoa! We gotta crash that.
Boring regular people love it
when movie stars show up
and drink their alcohol.
They jizz their pants for that shit.

TODD: I don't know, BoJack.

BOJACK: I'm sorry, Todd. Are you a movie star?

TODD: I did narrate a Mazda commercial.
Funny story how that came together.

BOJACK: Todd this is not the time for one
of your weird stories that go nowhere.
We've got a wedding to crash.

DIANE: It just doesn't come easy for me,
like it does for you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Communication is a process.
That's why we're going to Dr. Janet.
That, and there was a Groupon.

DIANE: You had a model growing up.
You had a house filled with love, 
parents who said nice things to you,
and the beautiful verdant hillsides
of the Labrador Peninsula.
I didn't have Diane Peninsula.
I had the Isthmus of Assholes.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I keep telling you
we should go visit the old country.
You'd love it up there.
There's so much to smell.

DIANE: That's weird.
I just got a text from Alexi Brosefino.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The famous movie star and man about town?

DIANE: He wants me to come to his house
and party with his friends.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The Snatch Batch?
Alexi Brosefino wants you to party
with the Snatch Batch?

DIANE: He's one of our clients.
I met him a couple weeks ago.
We talked about me
Instagramming one of his parties.
I didn't think he actually wanted me
to do it tonight.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, wait. Tonight?
I hoped we could snuggle up
on the couch and watch Bones.

DIANE: I don't think that show's about
what you think it's about.
Besides, I have to go.
It's for work. I'm sorry.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's fine. But you'll call me
if you're out late, right?

DIANE: Yes. I'll call you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. Have a good time.

DIANE: Ugh! I'm sure I won't.
Cool guys like that
take me back to high school
and I end up feeling
like a huge nerd over again.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The only kind of nerd you should feel like
is hon-nerd that he selected you.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Reservations?
You actually got me three dates?
I was joking.
Well I can't go on three dates.
Can we reschedule two of them?

BOJACK: Buenas noches, amigos.
Let's get blasted. Right?

DIANE: I'm Diane.
I work for Princess Carolyn.
You texted me to come hang out
with you and your friends.
I'm running out of things to say.
Holy shit. Is that a Klimt?
Ah, the famous Snatch Batch.
Good one.
Yeah, except for Shitshow, right?
I am so sorry, Shitshow.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Uh-huh.
Yes, actually. I'm an agent.

BOJACK: Thank you, thank you.
Let's get to the reason we're here.
And no, Uncle George,
I don't mean the chocolate fountain.
You know, I don't know
Karen and Taneisha super well,
but I do know how precious and rare it is
to find that one missing puzzle piece
who completes you.
And when you know, you know.
You know?
So congrats to the happy couple
for knowing.
Okay, as they say in the movie business,
"That's a wrap on BoJack."
Let's hear it
from some of these bridesmaids.

TODD: That's terrifying.
Which app is that?
You know what would solve
a lot of problems?
If there was a ride-share app for women
that only had women drivers.
You know what else would be cool?
A miniature cupcake gun,
so you could shoot tiny cupcakes
into your mouth.
"Uh-oh! Is that guy
trying to kill himself?"
"Nope, just a cupcake gun."
Which one?

DIANE: That's incredible.
Oh, drug taking. That's cool. I'm cool.
What is this, Molly?
What's Gush?
No, no, I can hang. Let's do drugs.
Let's put the drug in my mouth,
so I can trip or roll or gush or--
Here we go.
Oh, it doesn't hit right away, does it?
Okay.
So how'd you guys meet Shitshow?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yes.
I always say, there's more than one way
for a cat... you know, to have skin.
What makes you think
I don't want to have children?
Since when are you an expert
on who can and cannot have children?
Ecch! Not if you were the last albino
rhino gyno on the planet.
Oh, great. You're also a wine addict.

BOJACK: Oh, yeah!

TODD: You really know what you're talking about.
Oh, God, this is so embarrassing for you,
but I actually don't have a girlfriend.
That's a really weird assumption
for you to make.
You look really dumb right now.
Ohh.

BOJACK: Hey, Todd, you must be a real cool dude
if a movie star wants to hang out
with you for no reason.
Just wanted to give you
a key to the room I booked,
which nobody is in right now.
Winkity dinkity.

TODD: BoJack.

BOJACK: Maybe you two
should just go see if the bed works.
A lot of these rooms have faulty beds.

TODD: Uh, yeah.
Okay, let me just finish
this cocktail real quick. 

BOJACK: All right, Todd. Yeah, go.

TODD: Ahh! Cool, I'm just gonna get
one or two more drinks
and then we'll go check out that bed.

BOJACK: Uh...
Oh, boy.
Uh...

DIANE: I don't think it's working.
Am I doing this wrong?
Am I doing drugs wrong?
"That piece"?
What?
That's funny.
You have two friends named Diane.
Hey, wouldn't it be funny
if you tried to text Cool Sexy Diane,
but then instead you texted
Regular Boring Diane by mistake?
And then I showed up
and you were like, "Who's this chick?"
All night, I'd be hanging out with you,
thinking I was one of the gang,
but it was just a big mistake
because you meant to text--
Oh, shit, that's exactly what happened.
Whoa.
Oh, shit. It's hitting. I gotta go.
I get it, okay?
You're the cool kids. I'm the nerd.
I should have known.
Everyone knows I don't belong there.
Yeah?
I just took one pill.
My jeans feel amazing right now.
I feel so much love.
I got to tell someone.
No. I got to go home.
I got to tell my husband.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You've got to be kidding me.
And you're a mouse.
Let's not waste each other's time
and cut right to the chase.
It was nice to meet you, uh...?
If I have one more bad date...
Hmm.

BOJACK: Wow. Weird turn of events, huh?
Nobody's fault, right?
I'm gonna jet.
Yeah, talking sense into people
isn't really my thing.
In fact, I'm better at the opposite.
I once got Nic Cage to buy
Charlie Chaplin's mustache on eBay.
That was his last ten bucks.

TODD: Uh... hey, laundry cart.
Want to hide in sheets
and pretend we're ghosts?
I don't know, Emily.
Uh, you're pretty drunk.
Oh, well, I'm pretty drunk.
Maybe I should just go to bed.
I'm, uh, I'm feeling kind of sick.
But, hey, it was really great seeing you.
Yeah, yeah, good night.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, this is me.
It's the best non-date I've ever had.
A date.
I'd like that.
Oh.
No, you're great.
It's just running an agency
doesn't give me a lot of nights off.
Oh, thanks.

BOJACK: Hey, Taneisha?
Stop doing that.
Nobody should be thinking
about the things I say.
Taneisha, nobody completes anybody.
That's not a real thing.
If you're lucky enough to find someone
you can halfway tolerate,
sink your nails in and don't let go,
no matter what.
Yes, thank you, exactly. Settle.
Because otherwise you're just gonna
get older, and harder, and more alone.
And you're gonna do everything you can
to fill that hole, with friends,
and your career, and meaningless sex,
but the hole doesn't get filled.
One day, you're gonna look around
and you're going to realize
that everybody loves you,
but nobody likes you.
And that is the loneliest feeling
in the world.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Bones.

DIANE: Mr. Peabut Nutter.
Mr. Peeper Number.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane? Are you okay?

DIANE: The drugs have something to say.
And even though they are drugs,
they come from science,
so let's give a listen.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.

DIANE: I know I don't always have
the right words,
I don't always have the right feelings,
but I love you so much
and I need you to know that.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, I know.

DIANE: And sometimes I think that I know myself,
but maybe that's a trap.
Because maybe I am Cool Sexy Diane,
or Really In Touch
With Her Feelings Diane.
Or possibly other Dianes
we don't even know about yet.
The point is, I'm all of the Dianes.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I know exactly what you're talking about.

DIANE: I love that you do crazy things
that make no sense,
like fill our house up
with spaghetti strainers.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I had a very good reason for that,
but I do not remember what it was.

DIANE: And we're really good for each other.
Or at least, you're good for me.
And you're fun. And you're sweet.
And I love you. And I need you.
And I don't always know
how to tell you that. But drugs help.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's right, honey. Drugs are great.

DIANE: And now, I'm going to carry my man to bed.
Here we go.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, okay.
Uh, is this a good idea?

DIANE: The drugs want me to do this,
and that means it's a good idea.
Drugs, I thought we were friends.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh.
Why were you working in the dark?
Pointless.
I don't have any leisure.
Thank you.

DIANE: What's gonna happen tomorrow?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't know.

DIANE: Are we going to fight?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No.

DIANE: We are. Drugs are gonna wear off
and I'm gonna be mean.
Why am I so mean?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You're not mean.

DIANE: Let's go to the Labrador Peninsula.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah?

DIANE: Spend New Year's with your family.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, you are gonna love it up there.
I have an uncle who still plays the flute
at the local pub every week.

DIANE: I want to hear him.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ohh, you can't.
He plays in dog frequency.

DIANE: Aww.
Why especially now?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, don't worry. Your baby's fine.

DIANE: What do you mean "baby"?
Why do you say "baby"?
Motherf--
DIANE: ...fucker!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So, we have some options.

DIANE: Yeah, a lot of options to discuss.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You know I love you.

DIANE: That's not what this is about.
We always agreed
we didn't want kids, unless--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: A streetwise but soulful teen
needed somewhere to live
as he waited
for his Juilliard audition.

DIANE: And we'd support his dancing and let him
stay in the guest room, right.
But a baby? Are you--?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's not about me.
There's no "I" in uterus,
there's only "us."
And "U," and another "U,"
but that's the "U" that's in "us,"
so I already said that "U."
The point is,
I'm going to be here for you, 24/7.
Two hundred and forty-seven percent,
that's how "there for you" I'll be.
Whatever you decide...

DIANE: What we decide, because this is--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Definitely. This is a conversation.

DIANE: Let's both say what we want
at the same time on three.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.

DIANE: One, two--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: On three or after three?

DIANE: How could I say it "on three"?
I'll be saying "three."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. Okay.

DIANE: One, two, three...
Abortion.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Get an abortion.
Oh, no. We said different things.

BOJACK: Oh, my God.
Nine out of ten?
If you were an airline
and landed nine out of ten planes,
you wouldn't exactly brag about that
in your commercial.
Hey, Diane.
Diane, Diane, Diane.

DIANE: I'm doing my job, BoJack.

BOJACK: Young people and their phones.
There could be a beautiful rainbow
in this room right now
and you would have no idea.
Really makes you think, huh?
Can you look at rainbows on your phone?

DIANE: Shut up, BoJack.
Shit.
I just tweeted "Shut up, BoJack,"
as Cynthia Nixon.

BOJACK: I'd buy it. She is not a fan,
and for good reason.
We were up in the Poconos, she and I...

DIANE: BoJack, not now.

BOJACK: What's up your butt tonight?

DIANE: You really wanna know?

BOJACK: I would seriously like to know
what crawled up your butt,
made a home for itself in your butt,
started a family, lived a fruitful life,
and then died up your butt.

DIANE: I'm getting an abortion.

BOJACK: Whoa, that takes me back.
I had more than my share of abortions
in the '90s.
I didn't get them, I paid for them.
I really hope all those women
actually got the abortions,
and didn't just keep my money.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane, are you tweeting for pop starlet
Sextina Aquafina right now?

DIANE: I'm trying to. Why?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Because her account
just tweeted out to 40 million followers,
"I'm getting an abortion."

DIANE: What? No--
She--
Oh, balls.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane, VIM is hanging on by a thread
and only barely scraping by
because of clients like Sextina.
Hey! Heard you pulled the trigger
on the Big Bear condo.
Great investment.
We are not on the edge of complete ruin.
We are on the edge of complete ruin.

DIANE: I think if I explain it to her
and apologize, she'll understand.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Because she's so understanding?
This is a teenage pop star.
Literally the two least
compassionate entities
combined into the supernova
of not understanding
that is Sextina Aquafina.

DIANE: I think that's me.
I'll put out a statement
explaining the whole mess. I am so sorry.
Oh. Oh!
Taylor Swift just tweeted
that you were "brave."
Nicki Minaj tweeted at you
a face with heart eyes.
And BuzzFeed just posted a list
of top 15 celebrities
who should have had abortions
like Sextina.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Jeez you're trending like crazy.

DIANE: Most women who go through this
never talk about it
because it's so stigmatized.
The fact that you're coming out like this
is huge.
Or it would be, if you were
actually getting an abortion.
Well, no, because you're not.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, but if you did,
this would make you a cultural icon.

DIANE: Well...
Yeah...
Um...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane, take the yes.

DIANE: Okay.
Sextina Aquafina, you are now the face
of the pro-choice movement.
Now let's get you informed.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Why does she have to listen
to the heartbeat?

DIANE: That can't be true.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Don't worry, Diane, I will watch
the cute puppy videos for you.
It's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.
Don't worry, Diane, we will watch
the cute puppy videos together.
Diane, I have some terrible news.

TODD: You need another drink?

BOJACK: Why? Because I lost, I'm a loser,
so I have to drown my sorrows in scotch?
I could use a scotch.

TODD: No I just meant because of thirst.
Oh, look. Jurj Clooners.

BOJACK: Jurj sucks.
What does everyone love about him?
He's not a god.
He's just an old guy who loves pranks.

TODD: Sure sounds like God.

BOJACK: Jurj, hey, man.

TODD: Hey, Jurj, my name's Todd,
and my friend Keith sleeps on your couch.

TODD: Oh.
That is so Keith.

BOJACK: Hey Todd, why don't you do the grown-ups
a favor and go find your own shadow?

TODD: It was here a second ago.

BOJACK: Jurj, I loved you
in The Nazi Who Played Yahtzee.
How do you get in the head
of a war criminal?
Totally. I think I'm getting
the hang of all this now.
You won last night, the other guy
won tonight, maybe I'll win next time.
Huh.
Well--
Oh!

DIANE: New single?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Just relax.
Crack an egg on your head,
feel the yolk drip down.

DIANE: Oh, dear.
No, stop.
Christ, stop the tape.
I think the tone might be a little severe?
Ugh! I am getting an abortion.
You're not even really pregnant.

BOJACK: Jurj. He likes pranks, huh?
I'll prank him. I'll prank him real good.
We'll need to draw him out.
What do A-list actors like?

TODD: Stretch limos? Nannies?
Flying their private jets
to disaster areas so they can "help out"?

BOJACK: Yeah, limos. We'll get a limo.
I'll need one of those caps,
I'll be the driver.
I'll pick him up,
and he'll be all like, "I'm Jurj, I suck,"
and then I'll be all, "Surprise,"
and hit him with a bat.
Pranked!

TODD: It really doesn't seem like a prank
as much as you hitting him with a bat.

BOJACK: Yeah, it's a bad prank on purpose
to show how stupid pranks are.
That's the point.

TODD: Is that the point?

BOJACK: I'm working on levels here, man.
To the limousine repository.
Good afternoon, Mr. Clooners.
Of course. Bring the publicist.
Oh, shit.
I said, "Auschwitz."
You're the Nazi who played Yahtzee.
Uh... okay, yes, ma'am.
Here I go. Driving, driving.
I don't know
Okay.

DIANE: My concern is that you're
actually giving the pro-life movement
something to latch onto
as an example of--
You need to stop and think--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I am just here for emotional support.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane can you let it go?
I don't want to have to ask you again.

DIANE: I really think we have the chance
to say something here,
and all we're saying
is "Pshew pshew pow."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What are you doing?

DIANE: That's the gun sounds, from the song.
Yeah, that's what I did. "Pshow, kapow."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can everyone please
stop making gun sounds?
It is really freaking me out.

DIANE: My point is,
everyone's listening to you now.
Soon people are gonna get bored
and move onto the next thing
and you'll hate yourself
that you weren't able to make a difference
when you had the chance.
Believe me,
it happens sooner than you think.

BOJACK: Okay, we're here, finally. Get out.
That's it. Enough.
I am not your driver. It is I, BoJack.
Well I was gonna prank Jurj
by hitting him with this bat,
but you got into the car because,
apparently, you are a two-timing liar.
All this time,
I thought you believed in me.
This is why your clients win every year.
You represent everyone.
It has nothing to do with whether
you're a good publicist or not.
Not to me. You're doing great work
for this asshole who loves pranks.
Yeah, with a bad prank
to show how stupid pranks are.
No, it's a bad prank.
That's my point. Pranks are dumb.
Not my publicist. You're fired.
I do. I just did.
Not your problem.
Get the hell out of my limo.
'Cause I gotta pick up
a bachelorette party in 30 minutes.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

DIANE: What?
How are you going to have
an abortion on live TV
when you're not even
really having an abortion?
What does that mean?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, yeah. Fake abortion.
Movie magic, like in Argo.

DIANE: That is not what happened in Argo.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Alright I=if we're gonna do this,
we got to be real tasteful.
John Carpenter
can do the practical effects.
He owes me a favor.

DIANE: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We'll book Eddie Redmayne as the fetus.

DIANE: Are you hearing yourselves?
We're not going to fake an abortion
on live TV.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well obviously, we'll pre-tape it.
Then put a little box in the corner
of the screen that says "Live."

DIANE: You don't think
this is incredibly disrespectful
to the women who actually get abortions?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane, this is what the client wants.
Stop making it about you.

DIANE: I'm not making it about me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I am so tired of you creating problems.

DIANE: I'm not--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm sorry you're so fertile
and in a sexually active,
loving relationship
and now you don't want a family.
I'm sure that's really hard for you.

DIANE: What?
Is there something you want to say to me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I have given everything to get where I am,
and I am not about to throw all that away.
She wants an abortion?
I'm getting her an abortion.

DIANE: You know this is bullshit.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's all bullshit, Diane.
That's the gig. And you're not good enough
at this job to be too good for this job.

DIANE: I won't be a part of this.

BOJACK: All right, new publicist.
What do you got for me?

TODD: Secretariat was an athlete, right?
And you used to be an athlete.

BOJACK: What? No, I didn't.

TODD: You didn't play baseball and football?
Oh, um...
You know, I think I Googled the wrong guy.

BOJACK: Did you think I was Bo Jackson?

TODD: This idea I know you're going to like.
You know that car wash on Alvarado?
They need someone to dress up
like a gorilla and spin a sign.

BOJACK: Why would I do that?

TODD: Anything that gets your face
out there, right?

BOJACK: How does it get my face out there
dressed like a gorilla?

TODD: Maybe that one's a dud,
but hey, you think Lou Bega
knocked it out of the park
with "Mambo Number One"?
No, but he kept at it.

DIANE: I'm making things all about me?
I'm the one who's having an abortion.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's ridiculous.

DIANE: They're completely morally bankrupt.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I agree with you, 247 percent.

DIANE: I just wrote "morally bankrupt"
on this form.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And you were right to do that.
This form is being very nosy right now.

DIANE: Why did I even take that job?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You were going through a rough time,
Princess Carolyn wanted to help you
and she offered you the job.
Which she should not have done.
So morally bankrupt.

DIANE: Okay, yeah, that was nice.
But still,
she is putting her company's bottom line
before the very real damage
that bottle-nosed maniac
is doing every time
she gets on the news and--
That's it, the news.
I gotta take the high road,
go on the news and rat those suckers out.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is that really a good idea?
I mean it is if you think it is,
because I am here to support you
no matter what,
but maybe it isn't the best idea?
Like, if that idea were a Dillon brother
maybe it's a Kevin, not a Matt?

DIANE: Someone has to tell the world
that Sextina is a total fraud.
Oh. Yeah, I mean, I work with her.
It doesn't offend you?
What about the part where she says,
"I hope and pray to God
my little fetus has a soul
'cause I want it to feel pain
when I eject it from my hole"?
Well, obviously.
No, I get it.
Yeah.

BOJACK: Ana?
You dropped Jurj?
Jurj Clooners?
Sexiest Man in America Jurj Clooners?
So nobody else, huh? Good.
Just all your hopes and dreams
pinned on me.
Somehow beating the odds
and winning the highest possible accolade
in an actor's career.
Just me, huh?
Wow, that's actually. That--
Is someone standing on my windpipe?
Let's just get Jurj on the phone so we--
Okay.
Whoa, Ana, what are you--?
Oh, boy.
Oh. Ana...
Okay, but--
Yes.
Ow, too tight.
Ouch! Oh, please.
Yes. God, yes.
Uh...

DIANE: That was surprisingly tasteful.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: And educational, right?

DIANE: Yeah. Weirdly educational.
I actually learned a lot about abortion,
and I just had an abortion.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How are you feeling?

DIANE: I feel shitty.
I mean, physically.
I'm glad I did it,
but mostly I just felt old.
There were all these teenagers there.
Twenty-somethings.
I know from the outside, it might seem
like I should be ready for kids,
but I can't--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane, you don't need
to explain anything to anyone.
Sextina. Great job, we did it.

DIANE: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, we're gonna handle this.
Meet us at the office in 20 minutes.

DIANE: Okay girst thing is we gotta get her
out of town before she starts to show.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, we'll send her to that farm
where celebrities go to disappear,
where Chad Michael Murray
and Thora Birch went.

DIANE: We can film a bunch of music videos now,
and then--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Release them over the next year
so it seems like she's still around.

DIANE: Then when she comes back,
we'll say she adopted a baby.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: People are going to love that.

DIANE: Yeah. Everyone loves a baby.
TODD: Guys, I think we could use
another phone jack over here.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Can you toss me the thing?
Sorry. The other thing.

TODD: Okay. Watch the couch.

BOJACK: Hey. Goddammit!
Don't put me on hold.
Do you know who I am?
I just won a Baby's Choice Award,
the winner of which
has gone to take home the Oscar
seven of the last 15 years.
So, yeah, that BoJack Horseman.
Otherwise known as the guy you keep
sending your dumb newspaper to
even though I never subscribed to it.
I never subscribed to the L.A. Gazette.
I do not read the L.A. Gazette.
I have called this number so many times
to stop sending it to me.
Yet every morning, I open my door
on a new edition of the L.A. Gazette.
It's like I'm in a boring episode
of The Twilight Zone.
Yeah, sure, I'd love a glass of ice water.
Uh... huh.
It wasn't a problem until recently,
because up until a week ago
the boy who lives with me used the paper
to make a giant paper-mâché Todd head.
I live with my best friend, Todd.
Good kid, but sometimes
he gets ideas to do things.

TODD: Pretty scary, right?

BOJACK: Yes. What the hell is that?

TODD: Giant Todd Head, of course.
I've been working on him
for the last six months.

BOJACK: What? Why?

TODD: It all started
when a rustling from the kitchen
jostled me from tender slumber.
Uh...
What was that?
If there's a ghost present,
please do not scream
or have a skull face or be wearing
a tattered white satin gown.
Someone or something is stealing our food.
I made a giant papier-mâché Todd head
to scare it away. Think it'll work?

BOJACK: If I made a giant papier-mâché me head,
would you stop eating my food?

TODD: You should take this seriously.
We might have an infestation.

BOJACK: We do have an infestation, of Todds.
Look at that, they're getting bigger.
No. Todd abandoned the project as soon
as he started working on Cabracadabra.
That's what I said.
What's Cabracadabra?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's what I said.
What's Cabracadabra?

TODD: That's what we want you to say.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: If I didn't know any better,
you were about to pitch an idea.

TODD: We are about to pitch you an idea.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I did not know better.

TODD: Has this ever happened to you?
Hey, where you headed?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, yes. That happens to me all the time.

TODD: No we're not at the main part yet.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: 'm so sorry. Please continue.

TODD: Okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Am I watching to see if the whole thing
has happened to me?
Or looking for one specific thing?

TODD: Kind of both.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So I just keep watching until I see
something that has happened to me?

TODD: Yes.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What if we get to the end,
none of it has ever happened to me?

TODD: Maybe just try to put yourself
in Emily's shoes right now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Got it. Sorry for the interruption.
Please continue.

TODD: So, is this where you live?
Alone or are you in a relationship?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well this hardly seems appropriate.
Yeah, Todd. What are you doing?

TODD: Has a creepy driver
ever given you his number
or told you that you reminded him
of his dead girlfriend?
Or repeated your address slowly,
like he was trying to memorize it?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, never.

TODD: Unfortunately, if you are a woman
all those things
would happen to you every day.
But what if there was a ride-share service
that could guarantee
no creepy men drivers
because there are no men drivers at all?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What are you saying, robot drivers?
What if they become sentient
and try to murder us, or unionize?
That could be a real headache.

TODD: No, not murderous robots. Women.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd, you have done it again.

TODD: Actually, Emily and I
came up with it together.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd and Emily,
you've done it again for the first time.

TODD: And that's why we're setting up shop
at your house.

BOJACK: Wait why does it have to be my house?

TODD: There's no room
at Mr. Peanutbutter's house.
It's full of spaghetti strainers.

BOJACK: Why?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Who can recall?
I figure the longer they're there,
the bigger the payoff.
And they've been sitting there
for months now.
So you can bet
the payoff's going to be pretty huge.

BOJACK: I felt guilty.
Todd had this old girlfriend.
I met her a couple weeks back.
Hey.
What are you still doing up?
Then you came to the right place.
Should we call Todd,
see if he wants to join us?
And what do you want?
My kind of girl.
So then we had sex.
I was lonely? She was there?
Why does anyone have sex with anyone?
What?
Yeah.
Agreed. A wonderful, sexy mistake
for you and a regular mistake for me.
Nothing, obviously.
Yeah neither do I.
That's why we won't tell him.
That feeling is you selfishly
trying to assuage your guilt.
If you cared about Todd,
you would keep this a secret forever.
When you were a little girl,
did you ever do that thing you said?
I think it's gonna be fine.
Why would it even come up?
Not like there's any reason
the three of us
would ever be in a room together again.

TODD: Hey BoJack, you remember Emily, right?

BOJACK: No.

TODD: You don't remember BoJack?

BOJACK: Todd's house? This is my house.

TODD: It's cool if we set up shop here, right?
That's not gonna be weird?

BOJACK: What? Why would that be weird?
What are you implying?

TODD: Nothing.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay, what is going on here?

BOJACK: Literally nothing going on.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, something's going on.
I've got a nose for news.
In this case, Nu is the Greek letter
representing the variable
for "What Is Going On?"
So let's solve for Nu, shall we?
I think someone's not saying something
to someone else about something.
I know what it is.
Cabracadabra's going to be huge.
No one wants to say it out loud
because we're afraid we'll jinx it.

BOJACK: Yes. Your stupid business
is gonna be very successful.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yes.

BOJACK: Glad that's out in the open.
We all know what everyone was thinking,
we don't need to ask
any more questions
or do any wondering about mysteries.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Nope.

BOJACK: If you'll excuse me,
I need to go watch a sport.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Great idea.

BOJACK: And you know the worst part is things have actually
been going really well with Todd.
Our friendship is in a really good place.
Last week he said,
"Did you know the wiener dog
is neither a wiener nor a dog?"
Instead of saying,
"Shut up, Todd," I said, "Okay."
No, man, I think I'm just a dumb asshole.
Can't it just be that?
Yeah, you know, I think that you're
definitely hitting on something real
that I would love to drill down into,
but I gotta go
to this marketing meeting now.
Which is so annoying
because I totally want to keep talking
about that thing you're talking about.
But marketing meetings, right?
I mean, they're so important.
Can I call you back tomorrow?
Great. Bye.
Weird.

DIANE: Sorry I'm late.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's fine. We're just getting started.

DIANE: I had the worst morning.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hanging on every word. Don't tell us.

DIANE: So I drove here, right?
I'm sitting at the entrance to the garage
when I realize I don't have my key card.
I gotta drive all the way home to get it.
When I got there,
I couldn't find it anywhere.
Suddenly, I remember:
I put it in the glove compartment.
It was in my car the entire time.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay.

DIANE: But then because I was driving back and forth
so much, I ran out of gas.
So I had to pull into a 76.
I was about to pump the gas,
I realized I didn't have my credit card,
when I remembered
it was on my desk at home
because I used it to contribute to
my friend's dumb Kickstarter campaign.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane...

DIANE: Oh, shit.
Yeah, but I don't like feeling
like I have to, Roxy.
Does the world need
a stop-motion short film
about a pig who goes to circus school?
Mmm... okay.
So I had to call a cab to take me home
to get my credit card.
Then back to the gas station, get my car,
fill it up and come here.
So that's why I'm late.

BOJACK: Why did you tell us that whole story?

DIANE: I don't know.

BOJACK: I don't know.

BOJACK: If everyone loves it,
why do we need a new ad campaign?
That's very considerate.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's a good one.
The rest of these suck.
Dumb. Dumb. Stupid. Offensive.
Ugly. Boring. Typical. Stupid.
Bad. Hideous. Disgusting. Gross. Cliché.
I am really good at this.

BOJACK: Huh.
I kind of like this one.
It's actually really powerful.
I don't know.
All the pictures of me,
they looked backwards.
When I looked at the mirror ad,
I was seeing me as I see myself
and I thought
there was something beautiful about that.
Intimate, almost.
But you've got the heart of a champion.
Yeah but isn't that the point of the movie,
that anybody could be Secretariat?
Yeah, couple times.
We have a very complicated relationship.
It's complicated.
If our relationship was a Meryl Streep
movie, it would be Doubt.
Okay, you know, I gotta say
I don't feel like I'm in charge.
I'm not throwing a tantrum-- Why are we
having sex in my car?
Can we at least go back to your place?
No because I don't know where you live.
You control every part of my life,
I don't know anything about you.
No, I do.
I want to be known and know others.
Better question:
Why am I still getting the L.A. Gazette?
No. I want to cancel my subscription
because newspapers are dumb.
I feel I'm very clear on this point.
Every morning,
someone knocks on my door and says,
"Throw away this garbage for me."
Well, I have had trouble sleeping.

TODD: You're silly.

BOJACK: Oh, God.

TODD: Okay, your turn, truth or dare.
What is the worst recent thing you did
to someone who cared about you?
Both.

BOJACK: Can you keep it down, please?
Some people are trying to sleep.

TODD: We are keeping it down.

BOJACK: You're basically shouting.

TODD: Do you want me to whisper? Like this?

BOJACK: No, because then I'll hear the
"psst, psst, psst."
And I'll be up all night
wondering what you're talking about.

TODD: Uh, what would we be talking about?

BOJACK: I don't know. Dumb stuff.
Forget it. Can't sleep here.
I'm gonna go sleep in my boat.
Character Actress Margo Mart--?
Is this one of those situations where
everything we discuss is confidential,
due to customer
service rep-client privilege?
Then yes,
Margo Martindale is living in my boat.
How long have you been in here?
I know what "lay low" means.
And you've been living here ever since?
The Good Wife?
How did you go on a nationally broadcast
TV show with no one catching you?
And you're the one
who's been stealing our food.
Why did you throw a plum on the floor?
Alright I'm gonna go sleep by the pool.

TODD: Hey. BoJack's back.

BOJACK: Yup.

TODD: My two favorite people
in a room together with me.

BOJACK: You bet.

TODD: Isn't this great, BoJack?
The three of us under one roof?
It's like Three Men and a Baby.
But there's only two men,
and the baby's a lady.

BOJACK: Uh-huh.
Let me tell you something
about the L.A. Gazette.
Oh, right. Well...
If we're gonna work together
and also have weird kinky car sex,
I wanna know something about you.
Gross, is that true?
Well, that worked.
That's how she left things.
But then I followed her home.
Turns out she lives in this
tiny apartment in the Valley.
I could see her through the window
and I just watched her being... normal.
But it wasn't good intimate,
like when you see your mom cry.
It was bad intimate,
like when your dad writes a poem
about Lena Horne's nipples,
makes you read it out loud
so he can hear if it scans.
Yeah. She was right.
It's so sad that when you see someone
as they really are, it ruins them.
About what?
No I don't know that joke.
Yeah. Psychiatrists are idiots.
What the... I'm on the phone.
On the phone.
I don't want to talk to anybody.
What I want is to have control
over my own life.
Which is why I'm begging you
to please cancel my delivery
of the L.A. Gazette.
I promise you I do.
Live inside the beast?
That's a mixed metaphor.
But... you're right.
Thanks.
You've given me a lot to think about.

TODD: Okay, so I'm a passenger.
Remember the three D's:
drive safely, drive efficiently,
and don't harass the passenger.
Sure. Driver, pull over, please.
Of course.
Driver, put up the partition, please.
What? But the whole point
is we're doing it together.
What's wrong with the house?
I don't understand.
Did I do something
to make you feel uncomfortable?
BoJack? 
What did he do this time?
Oh, okay.
No, no, no, keep your share.
Who knows?
It might be worth something someday.
Hey, you want this plum?
I found it in the kitchen.

BOJACK: Ana...
No, I know that it's exciting
to remain mysterious and in control,
but control is a myth.
That's a conclusion
I came to recently by myself.
I don't want to go home tonight.
I want to sleep in your bed,
I wanna see what
you look like waking up.
You are a beautiful,
sexy, fascinating, terrifying woman.
And I want to know you.
I'm not afraid of that.
And you don't have to be, either.
And I want to go with the mirror ads
for Secretariat.
Ana.
This is my campaign,
I know what I'm doing.
I'm the star and what I say goes.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It kind of just looks like
a billboard for the sky.

BOJACK: Yeah I didn't think this part through.

DIANE: It is eerily beautiful.
Like an art piece
that resists interpretation.
I'd hate to be driving here at rush hour.
When the sun goes down
and hits that billboard,
that's gonna--
That's gonna be a real problem.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: The next Pegasus.
BoJack's got star power and
grit up the wazoo. I can't imagine...
He's got sex appeal...
Gravitas...
Experience...
On the map.
The map of profitable agencies, that is.
The year's not over yet. We
still have one day to go all out.

BOJACK: Hey, Sarah Lynn.
I'm sorry, what thing?
Wait, slow down. Did
you say Ethan Around?
Hold on, if this was a real thing,
why would Brad call you and not me?
Are you sure this whole thing isn't
just a semi-lucid fever dream
from mixing the wrong pills?
Really? That's incredible.
What? No, just stay sober.
Well, that's troubling.
Can you believe they're doing a
Horsin' Around reboot without me?
Not the point. This is about respect.
You're doing a new show in
the extended Horsin' Around
cinematic universe
and you didn't call me?
So? We could write around that.
The Horse dying was just a dream.
The Horse had a twin
brother, comes back as a ghost.
Ethan missed the Horse so much he
built a robot Horse as a tribute.
"I've heard of overloaded
motherboards, but this is ridiculous."
Those are off the top of
my head, they're all gold.
I wouldn't say I'm attached...
Right now?
Is that a thrill you experienced?
Great.
Why did you let me call him?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ah, smell that Labrador Peninsula
air. Keep an eye out for my brother.

DIANE: How will I know which one's him?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: He's the one that looks like me.

DIANE: Got it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello?

TODD: Hey Mr. Peanutbutter! Is this an okay time to talk business?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, I'm just waiting for
Captain Peanutbutter.

TODD: What is that, like, a cereal?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, my brother.
He's picking us up at the airport.

TODD: Nice.
Speaking of driving people places,
Cabracadabra had a killer holiday season
and I think New Year's is
going to be even bigger.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm loving that segue, Todd. You
are a conversational Magellan.

TODD: Turns out there's a huge demand for
a safe space for women. Who knew?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Honestly, never
would've crossed my mind.

TODD: So I was thinking, what's the next step?
What if we made our
safe space for women...
also available to men?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's an untapped market.

TODD: All right, then it's agreed.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No goodbye?
He's a conversational Amelia Earhart.
Captain Peanutbutter,
you old so-and-so.
Get over here.

DIANE: Careful.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Where's Mrs. Captain Peanutbutter?
Diane, this is my big brother.
And you always will be.

DIANE: It's nice to meet you, Captain.
Oh!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So David Pincher is about to shoot
the Flight of the Pegasus trilogy
in New Zealand, and BoJack
is perfect for the lead.

BOJACK: If I'm doing that, I
conveniently won't be able
to do that dumbass Ethan Around show.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Use that when you
tell him I won't do it.
Why don't you tell him
you don't want to do it?

BOJACK: I can't do that. I'm like a
father figure to him... by which I mean
I slept with his mother.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Gross.

BOJACK: No.
I slept with her 20 years
ago. She was young then, not gross.
Hey, loved you in The
Caveman's Valentine.
Nothing? The Caveman's Valentine?
Samuel L. Jackson had
that big beard? Look it up.
When you start laughing, call me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'll get it, Kalamata. Don't
get your pita in a wad.

BOJACK: Wow. Flight of the Pegasus.
This must be what Robert
Downey Jr. felt like
when he woke up on that
stranger's bathroom floor
and found out he was gonna be Iron Man.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, paradise.
Now who let these little
monsters onto my peninsula?
What? I don't remember my
nephews being made out of candy.
Gobble, gobble, gobble.

DIANE: They're adorable, not that I
value them based on their looks.
Because, of course,
children in society today are
often reduced to their cuteness.
I can't wait to get to know
your children as people,
so I can specifically compliment
them individually
on the foundation of their characters.
Uh...
What?
Okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Pretty great, right?

DIANE: Did you tell your brother
about the A-B-O-R-T-I-O-N?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The audition? No, I could
never tell him about that.
He thinks I'm
offer-only, it would break his heart.
Wait, what audition?

DIANE: No, the abortion.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, no. Should I have?

DIANE: He said some weird stuff to me earlier.
The kind of stuff you'd
hear in a sad Creed song.
Or a happy Elliott Smith song.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, he's probably just razzing ya, but
he's a good dog. All bark, no bite.
Sorry, that's a Labrador expression.
I guess in human terms it would be:
He's all talk, and no shooting
you with an assault rifle.

DIANE: Is that what you think humans do?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Am I wrong?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So when I found out that
the best assistant I ever had
was working for David Pincher,
I mean, what are the odds?
Did he hire you because of your
cute little Benjamin Button-nose?
Just an assistant? Laura,
assistants are everything.
You're the first people
in, the last people out.
You know everyone's real name,
age, nose, teeth, and tits.
You have power, because in today's
economy the only true
power is information.
I want you to use that power.
I want you to get your boss to
pick BoJack as his Pegasus.
I always believed in you, Laura.
do
you believe in yourself?
Will you do this for me?
I pushed so hard for
you. I did everything I could.
I mean, we gals gotta look
out for each other. Right?

BOJACK: So on the new show Ethan is the dad,
and he's raising three little horses.
You couldn't have told
me this over the phone?
The new year? That's tonight.
Did you talk to my agent by any chance?
She didn't call you?
I talked to her, and I don't
know if she wants me to do it.
You know how agents are.
Just remember, I'm not the bad guy here.
I think my schedule's gonna be
tough... Might be
going to New Zealand.
Those bastards got
my quote so damn high.
And I do want to do it.
You gotta get me out of this thing.
This asshole's giving me everything
I ask for. What a nightmare.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Just tell him you don't want to do the show.

BOJACK: I can't. It would destroy him.
Destroying people is
what I pay you to do,
so I don't think about
the people I'm destroying.
Do you not know what an agent is?
Kelsey? That's what I said when they
said you wanted to meet with me.
I figured you never
wanted to see me again.
Just so I understand the reason you think
I'm right for the role
is because I'm a big enough
star to secure funding?
You're really giving the hard sell here.
For work or, like, in general?
It's a Pegasus. Unicorns are for babies.
You're right, that one scene we
shot that didn't even make it
into the Secretariat movie was
the best thing I ever did.
Why am I wasting my
time with this other stuff?
Let's do it.
Kelsey's movie sounds perfect.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Is it the nobody's-gonna-see-it element or
the fact you'll be working for peanuts?
Yeah, well, that's great,
but I've been working all day on
getting him the Pegasus movie
that you said would show the
world he's a movie star.

BOJACK: I don't want that anymore.
I want to do something real.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You realize how much
money we'd be walking away from?

BOJACK: This isn't about
money. Doesn't matter to me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, it doesn't matter to you.

BOJACK: Right. So what's the problem?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'll see what I can do.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We got a regular Maya Angelou over here.
Oh, it's Todd. Gotta take this.

DIANE: Maybe you can call him back later?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd!

DIANE: Uh... I guess.
Cool fire pit.

TODD: So it turns out men love safe spaces
for women even more than women do.
You gotta read some of these
comments. Queefburglar69 says,
"These sexy lady chauffeurs always
get me where I need to go."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well that's unambiguous.

TODD: The only problem is some of the
drivers have been complaining
about the new customer base.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The workers are allowed to
complain? We gotta tighten up that ship.

TODD: Most of the new
passengers are perfect gentlemen,
but we've found that a growing
number are rating our drivers
not on performance but on "bangability",
which creates an unfair
advantage for our "bangable" drivers
and creates what some of
our more homely employees
have dubbed a hostile
sexy-ocracy. Whoa!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well hey, our first priority is
creating a safe space for women,
so if our women don't
feel safe in that space,
we should replace
them with women who do.

TODD: Where can we find women who
are comfortable
around gentlemen?
I know. A gentleman's club.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's perfect.

TODD: To Whale World.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I always knew you were a superstar.
Let's get drinks in the new year
and work out the deets... That's
a fast way of saying details
for people who don't have time for
every detail of the word details.
Great, put that raggedy-ass bitch on.
I'm gonna bat her
around like a ball of foil.
Judah, this is where I
live. Watch and learn.
Great! BoJack would love to do the movie,
but you're gonna have to
work around his Pegasus schedule.
Then you're gonna have to
match his Pegasus quote.
Because he won't do it for a penny less.
Well, then, work around his schedule.
Oh I'm barreling towards you fast,
My court. My rules.
Bye.

BOJACK: Why is my house filled with sexy orcas?

TODD: It's the Cabracadabra New Year's
party. These are our drivers.

BOJACK: Oh. Uh, where's Emily?

TODD: She left. She said she
didn't feel comfortable here.

BOJACK: She certainly didn't feel
comfortable paying for the food she ate.

TODD: Yeah, okay, BoJack.

DIANE: Something is going on with your
brother. You need to talk to him.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We don't really have the
kind of relationship
where we talk about things.
Labs prefer to keep things playful.
You know what they say about
dogs? Talking to each other is rrruff.

DIANE: I'm serious, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And I'm serious that you should drop it.
If something was really
wrong, he would tell me about it.

DIANE: Would he?
I know he's your brother, but
he's hiding something from you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Why do you think you know
my brother better than I do?
Just because you have a
shitty relationship with your family
doesn't mean every other
family has to have drama too.
I wanted to come up
here and have a nice time.
This place is an escape for me.

DIANE: Okay, I'm sorry, I just...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I should not have
shouted at you. I just...
I need to go for a walk.
Hey, is there something going on?
Because I know there isn't, but if
there is, you would tell me, right?
But there's nothing to tell,
because nothing bad ever
happens on the Labrador Peninsula.
Why?
I will not sit down.
Okay.
No.
But it's going to be fine?
Promise me it's going to be
fine? Because you're my big brother.
That means you can't
lie to me about this.
No, don't do this.
Please.
What is this, a very special episode?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? What do you mean? What happened?
I don't understand, Laura. I...

BOJACK: Hey.
What are you talking about, I do want to do your movie.
What?
Kelsey, this is a mistake.
Huh?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack didn't book Pegasus.
That fell apart, too.
Jesus Christ do you ever read a room?
Is midnight on New Year's
a bad time? I don't know.
Why don't you run that
through your robot analysis protocol?
Get back to me once
you've assessed the data.
You want to make some cuts? Why
don't you cut that stupid beard?
Everyone who walks
in here thinks this
place is run by a
homeless person.
No, you're perfect. Everybody's
perfect except for me.
Go home, Judah.
Just go home, Judah.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack! Beautiful day, huh?
Perfect day to go outside,
not read the trades
or talk to anyone in the industry
or watch entertainment television
or have a gut feeling about the ratings
for your television show last night.

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn, I'm dying.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You read the trades.

BOJACK: My heart is in my stomach,
my stomach is in my butt,
and my butt ran away with the spoon.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That makes sense
because your butt is quite a dish.

BOJACK: Can you come over? I need you.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What the...?

BOJACK: I ordered a few feel-better pizzas
to feel better. It did not work.
Then I sprinkled happy pills on them,
and washed it all down
with a "Please, God, make my pain go away"
vermouth and ice cream float.
Somehow I feel worse.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's a real mystery.

BOJACK: My show was terrible.
Why did I insist on a mockumentary format?
It's already an overused trope now,
in 2007.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey! Mockumentary is not a trope,
it's a device for storytelling.
And your show is daring and cutting edge.
People just aren't ready.

BOJACK: Yeah. Yeah, people! It's not me.
It's the people that are the problem!
Everyone's dumb and I am great.
Why do I always forget that?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's the spirit.

BOJACK: I'm starting to think this show is
the best thing that happened to me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Really?

BOJACK: Yeah.
It made me realize you're the best thing
that happened to me,
with your sexy cat eyes
and your cute little hair curl.
You look like a soft serve
strawberry ice cream.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack, we can't. I'm your agent.

BOJACK: You are so much more than that.
You're my lighthouse, my Garmin.
You're the little plastic table
they put in pizza boxes
to keep the pizza from getting smushed.
You're Princess Carolyn.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Don't you break my heart,
BoJack Horseman.

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? Nothing.

BOJACK: Did you just say something to me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, I was just being wistful, I guess.

BOJACK: Well, can you be wistful a little quieter?
Not everyone is interested in your wist.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, BoJack.

BOJACK: You smell nice.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Thanks, BoJack.
Okay, gotta go. I'm about to meet
my most important client.

BOJACK: I know you're not really on the phone.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Bye, Mr. President.
Give my love to your basketball friends.
You too.
So should we get dinner,
or are you just thinking drinks?

BOJACK: I'm not planning on staying long.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh okay.
I'm glad you wanted to meet,
because I am so pumped to tell you
all about the exciting projects
I'm lining up for you.

BOJACK: That won't be necessary.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Once you get your Oscar nom,
we'll have our pick. That's the key.
You think Halle Berry
would've been offered Catwoman
if she wasn't an Oscar winner?
We just gotta find you your Catwoman.

BOJACK: I'm not sure if a Catwoman
is really the best thing
for my career right now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Right, well, like I said,
we are getting lots of offers.

BOJACK: Listen, Princess Carolyn--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sandro, how you doing,
you handsome devil?

BOJACK: You mean sweating bullets?
How does sweating bull's nets
make sense?

BOJACK: Haven't you lived in America for 30 years?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ignore him. Why are you
sweating bullets and/or nets?

BOJACK: Critics are the worst.
That's my review of critics.
Two thumbs down! Four percent fresh!
One star! You all eat a flat butt!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Did you not know there was a critic here?
You own this place.
But I never see you do anything
to help run it.

BOJACK: This place runs itself. Right, Sandro?
See even his wife and kids
and therapy man agree.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So I know you're not happy about
what happened with the Kelsey project.
I get it- I pushed a little too hard to get you
the money you deserve.
What can I say? Sometimes I'm too good
of an agent, so deals fall apart.
That's a thing that happens
when agents are really good.

BOJACK: That's not--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Moving forward!
I know you're not happy
with how I handled Ethan Around.

BOJACK: Or didn't handle it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Bygones!
It was because I was busy
getting you the Pegasus movie,
which I know you did not get,
but trust me,
you'll see not getting these movies was
the best thing that ever happened to you.
Onwards and upwards!
Tally ho! To the stars!

BOJACK: Okay, you're forcing me to use the cards.
"Princess Carolyn, clear throat,
I have been very disappointed--"

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ring! Hello, Your Highness.
It's a king, I have to take this.
In the bathroom.
Oh, fish, oh, fish!
No.
All right, Pink Lady, think.
Are you a pink lady?
Were you Rizzo?
Well then don't waste my time.
So back to what you were--
Oh, my goodness, what is this?

BOJACK: Yeah, what is this?
Oh, my God.
You're making this up.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Can you believe it, BoJack?
It's been almost a quarter of a century.
Talking on the phone
pretty much every day,
sharing our deepest dreams and secrets,
being there for each other
through all of it, bosom friends,
Anne of Green Gables style.
Let's toast to another 23 years.
What do you say?

BOJACK: You're fired.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Uh-- Oh.
What? No.
No.
Honestly, just--
We're headed down a road that--
Okay well, now you are fired.

BOJACK: So that was weird, huh?
Please stop looking at me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Too bad about Sandro, huh?

BOJACK: You're the one who's fired, obviously.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Right.
Ryan Murphy is doing a re-imagining
of The Life and Times of Harriet Tubman.
But in this version, she's a tub-man,
with the comparative strength
and agility of a tub!

BOJACK: PC.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: He's looking for someone
to play the Underground
Railroad conductor.

BOJACK: Great, but you don't represent me anymore.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, I get it. I'm fired. Sheesk.
You're gonna spend a couple days
being mad at me,
then I'll get you another gig, and you'll
be my client again, just like every time.
Can we get past the part
where you're mad at me
and get to the part where
you're stealing General Lee's plutonium
to fuel your subterranean
steam-punk slave-tram?

BOJACK: "It's best, for both of us,
if we end this relationship
once and for all."

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm sorry I screwed up,
you don't have to read off the--

BOJACK: "You take me for granted, made decisions
that were against my wishes,
and worst of all
she's got my globes a-warming!"
How did that get in there?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is that?

BOJACK: A punch line to a joke
from the roast of January Jones.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: A global warming joke?

BOJACK: It's an important issue. Here we go.
"Our relationship no longer has any--"
"January has only gotten hotter and hot--"
Nope.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Were you at the roast of January Jones?

BOJACK: No, but I wrote some jokes
in case someone got sick
and they needed a backup.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Do you even know January Jones?
Why would they call you?

BOJACK: I guess I thought that my agent could
get me in the mix if Jason Sudeikis--
How did these get out of order?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So in the joke,
are the globes your balls?
And they get warm
when you see January Jones?
Is that how balls work?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I don't know. It's a work in progress.

BOJACK: Professional integrity!
"Our relationship no longer
has any professional integrity.
So it's gotta end. Stand to leave."
Oh shouldn't have read that part.
"When you reflect on this,
you'll see it's best for both of us.
Exit restaurant." Goddamn it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wow, that was--
I don't know what that was.
Hey! Where are you going?
Who gave you this idea? Spanakopita?

BOJACK: This has nothing to do with Ana.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You two are b'thumping.
Now you do whatever she says?
Is that what's happening?

BOJACK: No.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, you're not b'thumping or no,
you're not doing whatever she says?

BOJACK: I'm not doing whatever she says.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So you are b'thumping.

BOJACK: I understand from context what you mean,
but there's no way b'thumping is a thing.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You don't have to do everything
your little falafel pocket tells you to.

BOJACK: You screwed up!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Once! In 23 years!
All these years I carried you,
when no one wanted to work with you.
I still managed to get you jobs.
And then you would flake,
or sabotage them,
or get wrapped up in some crisis
or emergency or vague sadness.
Everyone told me to dump you--
my bosses, film execs, directors,
they all told me you were washed up,
a nobody, a has-been,
a joke, too portly for TV.

BOJACK: Too portly for TV? Who said that?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It doesn't matter.

BOJACK: It does. Who said it?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Luis Guzman.

BOJACK: Luis Guzman said I'm too portly for TV?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're right, BoJack.
This is for the best.
I no longer have to lug your talentless,
self-centered, self-sabotaging,
dead-weight carcass
of faded talent around my neck.

BOJACK: Hey.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Thank you for firing me.
I'm gonna go pour myself
a little celebratory potato juice,
because this is the best goddamn
thing that's ever happened to me.

BOJACK: Hey! Hey! Hey!
You do not talk to me like that
and walk away.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, no? What's happening?
This is so weird. I'm walking away,
even though you told me not to.
Right, I don't work for you anymore.

BOJACK: Hey!
Not now.
Where is everybody?
Just do what you normally do.
Tonight's your lucky night.
You just got promoted.
You're the chef! Start cheffing!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? Fifty teeth?
Get out of here. Let me see.
Would you look at that.

BOJACK: You're thrilled
to have me out of your life?
Because I was such a burden all those years.
Know what I think?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Don't wanna hear it.

BOJACK: I think you like being there to rescue me.
Nobody cares!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Nope, I'm still counting.

BOJACK: You like it when I'm a mess.
Because it makes you feel good
about yourself.
Guess what? I never asked for that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You ask all the time.
You have never not been asking me
to rescue you.
"Princess Carolyn, help me!
I slept with the gaffer's wife
and now he's not lighting me properly.
Princess Carolyn, I threw up
on Elle Fanning in a bounce house.
Princess Carolyn,
why am I such a big stupid asshole?"

BOJACK: Okay, great, more abuse.
Right on schedule.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, that's abuse?

BOJACK: "BoJack, you're such
a big, stupid asshole.
BoJack, why were you even
in the bounce house, dummy?
BoJack, you wasted my thirties!"

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I never said you wasted my thirties.

BOJACK: You didn't have to, you're always saying it.
And I don't like being around you,
because I feel bad.
You make me feel bad.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So this isn't about me being a bad agent.

BOJACK: It's about a lot of things.
Where are you going?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Away.

BOJACK: Oh boy. What? No.
What does that have to do--?
Who?
Alright that's enough out of you.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's all right,
you're gonna get through this.
You're gonna get through this.
Are you okay?
You've been in there a long time.

BOJACK: Just so you know,
this wasn't an easy decision.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This is the ladies' room!
Are you watching a movie?

BOJACK: I agonized over this. Ask Ana.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh. So you did talk about it with Ana.

BOJACK: Well yeah. I respect her opinion.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Paws not claws! Paws not claws!

BOJACK: Hey! Ow! God, you're strong.
This is exactly the kind of
unprofessionalism I'm talking about.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You want to talk about professionalism?

BOJACK: Yes, I do.
But not here.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You say you want professionalism?
Bullshit.
You want a mommy
you can slide your dick in.

BOJACK: I can want that
and also want professionalism.
A sex-mommy who keeps her boundaries,
is that too much to ask?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Is there a single woman
you've worked with
who you haven't tried
to groggily thrust yourself into?

BOJACK: Is it any wonder
I don't want to be around you?
All you do is tell me
I'm a terrible person.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Please, you're such
a self-pitying masochist,
I could say ten nice things
and one mean thing,
you would only hear the one mean thing.

BOJACK: I'd love it
if you said ten nice things to me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I can say nice things.

BOJACK: Ready when you are.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Does self-pitying masochist count,
or are we starting from scratch?
Okay, one-- I'm freezing my whiskers off.
You have a natural charisma.

BOJACK: You hesitated, that means it's a lie.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Two, you are loved by millions.

BOJACK: That's not a compliment.
So is Kim Jong Un and Teri Hatcher.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Number six.
You know how to make me laugh.

BOJACK: So I'm a clown to you?
Like Joe Pesci in Home Alone?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You recognize
you're being impossible, right?

BOJACK: I don't know how you put up with me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I didn't put up with you, BoJack.
I liked being with you.
And I don't regret it.
I don't regret the trip to the Bahamas.
Or the bracelet you bought me
for my 38th birthday.
Or when my dad died
and you came to the funeral
with me and held my hand.

BOJACK: I'm doing this for both of us.
You understand?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Did you ever love me? At all?

BOJACK: I don't-- I'm not--
You know that I don't do
the whole love thing.
Either you end up hurting someone
or they hurt you. So, what's the point?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah.

BOJACK: Ugh. This sucks. Ow.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I did this to myself. I do this to myself.
Why do I do this to myself?

BOJACK: I don't know.
I think maybe if you're good at putting out fires,
you just run from fire to fire
and don't really think about--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh no we gotta put out that fire!

BOJACK: Well this night has been a disaster.
It's called a char, dumbshits.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I know how.

BOJACK: What are you doing? No, go home.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're right. What am I doing?
All right.
Good luck.
Ugh. Who do they write these songs for?
Ugh.
Goddamn it.

BOJACK: How should I know?
Do I look like an expert in cooking oils?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Olive. You wanna use olive oil.

BOJACK: What are you doing?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Let me do this.
You'll burn the place to the ground.

BOJACK: Fine. This isn't one of those things
where you save my ass
so I feel obligated to give you
your job back.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Trust me I know you have no sense
of obligation to me.
The secret is stirring continuously.

BOJACK: Thanks for your help.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sure.

BOJACK: How do you know how to do this?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mom was a live-in maid for a rich family.
She had a little trouble
bending her elbow too much. Glug, glug.
So unless I wanted us to be on the street,
I had to cover for her, a lot.
That rich family loved Italian food
and champagne fountains.
And cocaine. And private jets.
And screaming at each other.
"Who threw my cocaine
in the champagne fountain?"

BOJACK: So standard rich people stuff?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I guess.

BOJACK: How come you never told me that?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I did.

BOJACK: Oh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's okay. I know
you never remember anything.

BOJACK: That's not true.
I remember the first time we met.
I went to see Marv. You were
at the desk in front of his office.
I thought you were cute and you said,
"It's good to see you again."
Oh. So I guess we'd met before.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That was the third time we met.
The first time was when I was an intern.
I delivered a script to your house.
You were passed out in the yard,
covered in tapioca pudding.
I hosed you down, dragged you inside,
covered you with a blanket.

BOJACK: Really? I don't remember that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Shocker.

BOJACK: So you've gone from daughter of a maid
to head of your own company.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, the company's not doing so hot.

BOJACK: Don't try to guilt me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's not your fault.
Turns out being an agent and running
an agency are two different skills.
It's like asking a really delicious tomato
to make you a tomato sandwich.
How's a tomato gonna make you
a sandwich? He's got no arms.

BOJACK: You'll figure it out. Princess Carolyn
always lands on her feet.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: But I don't even know why I'm doing it.
Does any of it matter?

BOJACK: Why are you an agent at all
if it makes you so miserable?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Because I'm good at it.
I mean, stuff hasn't been hitting lately.
But, usually, I'm really good at it.

BOJACK: Just 'cause you're good at something
doesn't mean you have to do it.
I'm good at driving sober,
but I don't relish the opportunity.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: But what else would I do?
Who else would I be?

BOJACK: I do love you, by the way.
I mean, as much
as I'm capable of loving anyone.
Which is never enough. I'm sorry.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ta-da!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So you'll give Elefante a good review?

BOJACK: A billion stars?
Oh, God, get out.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How about a drink?

BOJACK: I could drink.
What's the second time we met?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I went to a taping of Horsin' Around.

BOJACK: Which episode?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: The one where Olivia put too much
detergent in the washing machine.

BOJACK: Nancy Reagan was the guest star.
That woman
was the real actor in the family.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I just started working for Marv.
so I went backstage to introduce myself.

BOJACK: And then what happened?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You told me you were too tired
pretending to be nice all night,
and I needed to leave you alone.

BOJACK: Oh.
I'm a real jerk, huh?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, but you're honest,
straightforward,
not fake nice
and don't beat around the bush.
Your heart is tender,
so you protect it from people,
but sometimes you open up a wall
and it's incredible.
You're doing the best you can,
considering your asshole parents.
You have great taste in art,
and that pink spot
on your nose is just adorable.
How many nice things was that,
about ten?

BOJACK: Yeah, just about.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, one more.
You let me help you tonight
because you knew I needed it.
You did it for me,
which was very sweet.

BOJACK: Thanks. You're a good friend to me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: BoJack...

BOJACK: Yeah?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Are we friends?

BOJACK: Yeah. I mean, I think we are.
Or I think we can be.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, then as a friend, I'm asking you...
Please don't leave me.

BOJACK: Princess Carolyn--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Please.
I can turn this around,
I just need more time.
We're in a fragile period,
still finding our feet.
Just give me six months
and then you can go.
I promise,
I'll never ask anything from you again,
but please, give me six months.
So? What do you think?

BOJACK: No. 
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello! Here I am, Mr. Peanutbutter.
That's my name and I am here.
Okay, the nominees. Nominees for Oscar.
Who are the nominees?
Well, as I used to say on
Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities:
What Do They Know? Do They
Know Things? Let's Find Out,
let's find out.
For Best Actor, the nominees are.
Jurj Clooners for The
Nazi Who Played Yahtzee.
Bread Poot for City of AIDS.
Colin Firth for First Things Firth.
The Colin Firth Story.
Michael Fassbender for...
I want to say Bill Gates?
And BoJack Horseman for Secretariat.

BOJACK: Whoa.
I feel...
I-I feel...
I feel...
the same.
It happened again. Why do I keep
thinking things will make me happy?
What is wrong with me?
Uh... Oh, God, I'm drowning.
I feel like I'm drowning.
That is a terrifying story.
I don't deserve
this. I'm not a best actor.
That's literally the
only thing they're about.
I was right. I am one
of the special people.
What are we doing just sitting here?
I just got nominated for an Oscar.
We gotta party like it's 1982,
the year Prince released 1999.

BOJACK: No.
Tell them I want my free Tesla parked
in my goddamn living room. I'm BoJack!
Yeah, now we're doing
it! Look at us partying.

DIANE: Hi.

BOJACK: You get a load of this
chili cheese fountain?
Grab a handful of beans and go to town.

DIANE: Hey, this is all really something.
But I actually just came because
I heard about the nomination
and I wanted to make sure you're okay.

BOJACK: That's a funny way of
saying congratulations.
But not funny "ha-ha", more
like funny Doonesbury.

DIANE: I know how this kind of thing can
sometimes send you spinning.
"Oh, God, why doesn't this make me
happy? Will anything make me happy?
I'm an empty husk." That kind of thing.

BOJACK: Well, thank you for that, but
I'm actually doing great.
I direct your attention to the
aforementioned chili cheese fountain!

DIANE: It's too bad I'm not
managing your social campaign anymore,
because this party would
make a great Snapchat story.

BOJACK: You are not gonna make me
guilty about leaving Princess Carolyn.

DIANE: I'm not here to make you
feel guilty. Like I said...

BOJACK: Honestly, I don't even know
what you're doing over there.
Tweeting for celebrities?

DIANE: Well, actually, I don't...

BOJACK: When I met you, you
were so cool and interesting...

DIANE: Uh, I was never cool.

BOJACK: You used to actually care
about shit. What happened?

DIANE: I don't know, BoJack. Maybe
caring about shit got old.
Maybe I'm tired of everyone yelling at
me and sending death
threats to my house,
and all my friends thinking I'm annoying,
and getting in fights with my husband,
and seeing little refugee
boys die in hospital bombings.
It's exhausting and I can't do
it. If that makes me a bad person,
then I'm sorry that I'm not
the "cool, interesting girl."

BOJACK: I never said you were a bad
person. I just said it's not you.
And you know it's not you.

DIANE: Oh, and this party is
you? Who are all these people?

BOJACK: These are my friends.

DIANE: Name one of them.

BOJACK: Tes-ley.

DIANE: You're just looking at the Tesla.

BOJACK: I don't know why it's so hard for
you to believe that I could be happy.
I'm not like you, okay?
I don't fetishize my own sadness.

DIANE: I don't fetishize my own sadness.

BOJACK: Sure.

DIANE: You don't know anything about me.

BOJACK: Hey!
I know that you can tweet for a living
in a house in Beverly
Hills that your husband bought,
or you can think you're better than
everyone, but you can't do both.

DIANE: I don't think I'm
better than everyone.

BOJACK: And again, I say, sure.

DIANE: You know what's gonna happen?
You're gonna win that Oscar, and
you're gonna go up on that stage
and give your little speech,
and then you're gonna go home.
And you're gonna be so
miserable, you'll want to kill yourself.
And you're gonna have
nobody left to stop you.

BOJACK: No one's gonna be
there when I kill myself?
Listen to that chanting, Diane.
The chanting don't lie.
There's going to be plenty of
people around when I kill myself.
Hey, Ana, can I ask you something?
So, if I win the Oscar...
Right. But after that, what's
gonna happen to us?
What we have.
What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Come on, buddy! Come on!

BOJACK: Mr. Peanutbutter!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thank God you're okay.

BOJACK: Better than okay. I'm wonderful.
Thanks to you, you wonderful man.
When you said my name this
morning, you changed my life.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: About that...

BOJACK: Hey, did you see Erica here?
She was looking for you
earlier, with her good eye.
Her other eye was looking to the stars.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack, I need to talk to you.

BOJACK: Yeah? What's going on, buddy?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I've got good
news and I've got bad news.
Raven on a wire. A gloomy
portent, precariously perched.
And, as the sun sets, so does
it spread its deathly shadow
across the just and unjust
of the outdoor seating area
of the California Pizza Kitchen.

TODD: Yeah. Wow! They really make regular
windows look like shit.
I can't look out the
window while lying on the floor?
No, thank you, regular window!
Well, it started as a
safe space for women.
Then, it became a safe
space for women and men.
Now, it's more of a
safe-ish space for women...
And a really safe space
for men to look at women...
While also being driven around by them.
Demand is skyrocketing.
That's why we need a
bigger office space.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You come to work, clock in,
you put sugar in your coffee,
and watch it slowly
disappear into nothingness.
But the sugar doesn't know
why. Sugar didn't ask to be born.

TODD: He recently found out that
his brother's sick.
Ooh!
Did you hear that, Mr. Peanutbutter?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You know, I wish cats
really did have nine lives.
It would make me feel better about
how much I'm screwing up this one.
Sometimes I feel like, if I
could start everything over,
knowing what I know now, I'd
do it all right this time.
But other times I think...
No, I wouldn't.
As you all know, things have been rough,
and, unfortunately, we have
to scale back our staff.
Mainly, you.

DIANE: Are you firing me?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: In a sense, yes.
But, in another sense, I'm promoting you
to a position of finding
a job somewhere else.

DIANE: Yeah. I don't think I
ever thanked you for
giving me this job in the first place.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It was an honor to work with you.
You were the worst social media coordinator
this company ever had.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Are you sure you need surgery?
Can't you get a second opinion?
Nothing could make me
feel better right now.
Not even an amazing career
opportunity. Hold on, I'm
getting another call.
I've got to take this. It could be an
amazing career opportunity. Hello?
This isn't a great time,
Shep. Could you call back?
Ooh, a job like that? You want a
fully present presenter to present.
And I don't know if I've
got the pep in my step
to take that show where
it needs to go, you know?
I've got a real pepless step, Shep.
Hey, sorry about that. Just
got a call from the Oscars.
They want me to host...
Nomination announcement.
But I don't think I
have it in me right now.
Really?
Boy, that old gal had
something for everything, didn't she?
Okay, but you'll call me when
you get out of the surgery, right?
I'm not gonna let my
phone leave my sight.
Nomination.

TODD: It's here! The golden envelope.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hmm...
Okay. Oh, my phone. What
should I do with it, Todd?
Maybe you should hold it.

TODD: Uh-huh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, I'll take it with me.

TODD: All right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, you hold it.

TODD: Sure thing, yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No, put it in my jacket pocket.

TODD: Right here. Okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, no, it's a fake
pocket. Tricked again!
Todd, it's ringing. This is it.
Oh, no, my phone!
Oh, no, I kicked it, right through
that doorway into the hallway!
Now, other people are kicking it
and it's sliding across the floor!
Okay, this is getting absurd.

TODD: Let's get that phone!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Excuse me!

TODD: Hey!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: There it goes. Sorry. If you could just... My phone!

TODD: I'm coming to get you!
That way!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Come on, phone. Just stop!
Hello?
Oh, no.
Oh, my God, that's incredible!
Nominations. You got it, buddy.
Okay. Now, where's the... the...
Uh-oh. Could've sworn
it was right here.

TODD: Oh!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yes, just as soon as you give me that
backup envelope, please and por favor.
That was a test and you passed.
Yes, gotta get out there, on to the
stage, to announce the nominations.
Just as soon as I... Oh, my
God, is that Bradley Cooper?
Let's go, Todd.

TODD: Oh, God, what do we do?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's okay.
We just need to come up with
all the nominees ourselves.

TODD: But I haven't even seen all the movies.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Todd, nobody has. That's
not how they give out awards.

TODD: But...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Time for talk is over.
Now's the time for action.
And by "action," I mean talking
about these 24 categories
until we've settled
on a list of nominees.
You need to tell me right
now, are you in or out?

TODD: Well, when you put it that way,
I guess you can call
me high-waisted denim,
because, right now, I am very in.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Let's do this.
What did you think of Frieda Pinto?

TODD: Are you kidding me? Anybody
could do what she did.
"Don't take my baby. I'll
give you all my Bitcoins!"

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow. That is good.

TODD: Okay, for Best Picture,
what about Avatar?
That was a good movie.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: True, but did that come out this year?

TODD: I feel like I just saw it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, there's no way to know for sure.
Let's just throw it on the list.

TODD: Ooh, do we have Daniel Day-Lewis down
for anything? He's always there.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Good catch! I'll add him.
Daniel Day-Lewis.
Okay. We need one more nominee for
Best Actor. Oh, what about BoJack?
His performance in Secretariat
was as thoughtful and self-aware
as we've ever seen him.
Besides, he's our friend.

TODD: Is he?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa! I am surprised to
hear you say that, Todd Chavez.
Let's dig into that. We have time.

TODD: I don't think we do.
You're supposed to be announcing
these, like, now.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: There is always time to
talk about our feelings.
As my Nana Peanutbutter used to say,
"There's always time to
talk about feelings,
because feelings are the
ceilings of our hearts,
and a leaky feeling
ceiling leads to a flood of blood.
And I'm cold. Will you
pass me that blanket?"

TODD: Well, I guess I'm just tired of
BoJack walking all over everybody
and still getting everything he wants.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. I think the
important thing to remember here
is that BoJack is a damaged individual,
struggling against a sea of demons, many
self-created, but still all too real.
Getting this nomination from the
two friends he loves the most...
you and also me... would
really mean a lot to him.

TODD: Okay.
But did you really think he
was that good in the movie?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I haven't seen it. It seemed long.
And the final nominee for
Best Picture is Avatar.
Well, those are all the nominations.
I will not be taking any questions.
Goodbye. I must go.
I gotta say, we
picked some top-notch noms.

TODD: You know it!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Boy, was I glad when we got
out of that theater, though.

TODD: I know. So many questions.
"Oh, what the hell happened?
Why were you reading off that
napkin? Why are you guys running?"

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: They have their nominees.
What more could they want?

TODD: You know what's crazy?
We saved the day today,
and no one will ever even know.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, we'll know.
Oh, boy.
So, the good news is, my
brother's surgery was a success.
And the bad news is, you're
not nominated for an Oscar.
And the other good news is...
that
each breath is a gift
and it is a joy to live.

BOJACK: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We are so lucky we get to be alive.

BOJACK: No, before that.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I didn't tell you.
My brother's been sick.

BOJACK: No, I don't care about your brother.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: First of all, manners.
Second of all, I think if you met
him, you'd actually really hit it off.
Imagine me but with less "in
your face" cool guy attitude.

BOJACK: Did you say I'm not
nominated for an Oscar?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: A lot of people are mighty steamed,
but I feel like what
everyone's overlooking here is,
I got most of the categories dead-on.
That's pretty amazing, and I am
not getting enough credit for that.
Did you know that
Avatar came out in 2009?

BOJACK: I'm not nominated for an Oscar.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No.
But you know what they say. "It's
an honor just to be nominated."
Oh, wait.

BOJACK: So, I'm just like everybody else.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I know you're upset, but whatever
you do, please don't get mad at Todd.

BOJACK: Why would I get mad at Todd?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Exactly. This is totally my fault.
He didn't even want to nominate you.

BOJACK: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: With the gift of hindsight,
I see now how that might
have made you even more upset.
But I realized something today, when
my brother called from the hospital,
and I think it's gonna make
you feel a lot better.

BOJACK: What? What is it?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: None of this matters.
Okay, I'll see you later, buddy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What are we doing? What was
the point of any of this?
I wasted everyone's time for six months.
Soon, I'll get some offer from
one of the big five agencies
that I can't say no to,
and I'll go back to being another cog
in the giant Play-Doh spaghetti
maker that is this industry.
Is that the best I can hope for?
What is it, Judah?
Yeah, maybe.
It's been a pleasure working
with you, Judah.

DIANE: And then, he said, I
fetishize my own sadness.
I don't know.
Did you ask for water?
They're not supposed to
give us water unless we ask.
Don't they know there's a drought?
No, I want the water. I just...
I went to BoJack's
house to congratulate him.
I'm not trying to pick fights.
Is he right? Am I a bad person?
I do not have a fixation,
Roxy. I worry about him.
They're filling everyone's
glasses. This is insane.
Hey, excuse me? Excuse me?
Do you know you're breaking the
law by giving everybody water?
Yeah, we all want
water. That's not the point.
In the state of California, it
is illegal for a restaurant
to serve people water
before they ask for it.
There is a drought.
You know, this is
what's wrong with society.
Nobody thinks about the
world outside themselves.
So, how you doing? You
still working at that place?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hi, Ralph. It's Princess Carolyn.
I might have some free time coming up.
I was wondering if you
might want to get a drink.
Okay?
Oh.
What?
Oh.
What?
Really?
It's a date.

BOJACK: Ana?
I don't care. Take it.
Ana, this is the fourth time I've called.
Please call me back. I need you.
Ana, please. This is
BoJack, by the way. Horseman.
Hey! Todd! Where you been?

TODD: Oh, hi.

BOJACK: You were in Ojai?

TODD: No, I was just saying hi.

BOJACK: Well, why not go to Ojai, huh?
You and me? I could use
an escape, couldn't you?

TODD: It's not really a good time.

BOJACK: Todd, I need this. You're my
best friend and I need you.
Don't leave me now. Don't
be like everybody else.

TODD: I'm not leaving you. I just...
Besides, I think you owe me,
right? After what you did?

TODD: What I did?

BOJACK: Come on, Todd. I know.
Mr. Peanutbutter told me everything.

TODD: Everything?
Even told you, when I was a kid, I
used to bang on my
butt like a bongo drum
when I got out of the bath?

BOJACK: What?
Mm, no, not-not about that.

TODD: So, he didn't tell you everything.
Did he tell you about the
time I counted to a million?
One, two, three, four, five, six...

BOJACK: No, stop.

TODD: But I was just getting to the good part!

BOJACK: What? Seven? He told me you didn't
want to nominate me for an Oscar.

TODD: Oh, that.

BOJACK: What the hell, man?
After everything I've done for you?

TODD: What are you talking about?

BOJACK: Oh, I don't know. Letting you
live here for free for six years?
Giving you food, indulging you in
your little projects and adventures
and stories about how you used to
bang on your butt like a bongo drum?
I let you turn my house
into your company's
headquarters for the last month.

TODD: Yeah, but that's not because
you're my friend.
That's because you felt bad about Emily.

BOJACK: You know about Emily?

TODD: I think I know. Why?
What do you think I know?
I mean, I know what I think,
but I don't know if the thing that I
think is the thing
that you think I know.
You know?

BOJACK: So, you know I had sex with Emily.

TODD: You had sex with Emily?!

BOJACK: Well, what did you think?

TODD: I don't know! Not that!
I just knew something sketchy happened.
I thought maybe you gave
her one of your weird monologues
about how sad you are,
and it bummed her out!

BOJACK: Todd, I'm sorry, all
right? I screwed up.
I know I screwed up.
I don't know why...

TODD: Oh, great! Of course!
Here it comes!
You can't keep doing this!
You can't keep doing shitty
things, and then feel
bad about yourself
like that makes it okay!
You need to be better!

BOJACK: I know. And I'm sorry, okay?
I was drunk, and there was all this
pressure with the Oscar campaign.
But now... Now that it's over, I...

TODD: No! No, BoJack, just stop.
You are all the things
that are wrong with you.
It's not the alcohol, or the drugs,
or any of the shitty things that
happened to you in your career,
or when you were a kid.
It's you.
All right? It's you.
Fuck, man. What else is there to say?
BOJACK: Hey, Sarah Lynn.
You wanna party?
Is that how you pronounce it?
Ow.
Well, the truth is that...
No. In fact, I've never felt so alone--
Yeah, I got royally screwed,
know who was there for me?
No one, because everyone's an asshole
and the whole world sucks balls.
Anyway, thanks for having me over.
What do you say
we go on an epic bender?
That's what I'm talking about.
Let's get some booze and drugs.
We can clear out my bank account.
I got nothing left I care about.
Yogurt-covered raisins?
Oh!
Wow.
To life and being done with it!
What? No.
Okay, we'll put it on the list.
We gotta watch that one.
Everything was so much simpler back then.
We didn't know how good we had it.
We got to come to work
and have fun every day,
and we weren't worried
about our legacy or awards.
...because buildings are supposed
to be rectangles, goddamn it!
Wait, what were we talking about?
That does sound like me,
but I don't remember any of that.
I must have blacked out.
Maybe I should lay off the alcohol for--
...and I said, "You're sitting
on the pizza, Mr. President."
Whoa! I think I just had another one.
No, blackout. The thing
we were just talking about.
Try to keep up here.
That's not a boner. It's a shadow.
Well, I think we all learned
a valuable lesson today
about the Armenian genocide.
Why can't life be like it was
on Horsin' Around?
All our issues conveniently settled
in 22 hilarious minutes.
This is getting me depressed.
Let's do something fun.
That sounds stupid.
I'm gonna be in charge of the fun.
No, no, no! That was drywall.
Jesus, we have to start
marking our drugs more clearly.
Let's just take a box of whiskey and go.
Wha--? What the--?
Coffee, stale donuts, attention hogs
telling boring stories about themselves?
Jesus! Are we at a 12-step meeting?
So, all our partying was
an elaborate trick
just to get me to go sober?
Chip? We've been wasted for...
31 hours?
That's literally exactly the reason
you shouldn't get your chip.
Oh, God. Boo!
How else am I supposed to express
how boring these stories are?
Come on!
You people call yourself drunks?
Most of this is stuff I do
on a daily basis completely sober.
Oh, please, that's baby stuff.
You so-called drunks want
something to feel shitty about?
I got somethin' for ya. Whoa.
My name is BoJack.
Oh, like you didn't know?
Anyway, I once went all the way down
to New Mexico to see a woman that I knew,
and she had a young daughter, Penny.
Penny Carson. That's her real name.
You can look her up. I don't care.
And first, I tried to sleep
with the mom, but she said no.
Then, I tried to sleep with the daughter.
Then, the mom walked in on me
trying to sleep with the daughter,
and I was like,
"Oopsie-doopsie! Exit stage right!"
The worst part is, I don't even know
what happened after I left.
Did I ruin the family?
Did I scar that little girl for life?
I don't know. I'll never know.
And that's just, like,
one of a billion things
that I have going through my head
all the time.
So, anyone got a better story than that?
Didn't think so, bitches.
Where's my trophy, or chip,
or whatever?
Whoa!
Uh, what are you talking about?
I talked about Penny?
I'm not proud. I feel really terrible that
I might have really messed that girl up.
That doesn't mean anything.
Everyone likes the smell of fire
on the first cold day of winter.
So, what? Just dirty up the slate again.
You know what?
This may be the nitrous
and bath salts talking,
but I want to do some more
nitrous and bath salts.
And then, let's make
some goddamn amends.
Oh. Hey, kid!
I'm sorry your lame dad built
such a cheap-ass playhouse!
You know what? I do feel better.
So, we wait.
I need to make amends to Diane,
and we're not leaving until I do.
I bet they have food inside.
Let's see if I still have
that spare key. Here it is.
Okay, after we get food,
remind me that this is another thing
I need to make amends for.
Where are those two?
They did not keep their fridge
stocked enough
for two stoned people
waiting around for hours.
That's what happens when you mix
the appetite of a horse
with the appetite of someone
with a hole inside him
that needs to be constantly filled
with attention, food, and sex.
Pass the Bugles.
I can't leave until I make amends.
Am I BoJack or Mr. Peanutbutter?
Stop doing that. We're both awake.
Let's just get to this.
Diane, I'm sorry
I said mean things to you.
She's a little more complex.
Okay, shut up.
Now, I'll be Mr. Peanutbutter
and you make amends to me.
And, now, you be Mr. Carolyn
and I'll be Princess Diana.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Um... should we do something about this?

DIANE: Hey, why don't you two
sleep this off in our guest room?

BOJACK: Oh, my God, that mirror is talking to us!
We're making amends, assholes!

DIANE: Ow! Come on!

BOJACK: That felt so good!
Well, I also ate
a shit ton of Bugles, so no.
But I do feel like we got to the bottom
of who really killed Princess Di.
Next stop, Todd!
Todd, I'm sorry. I want to take
full responsibility for what happened,
even though it is not my fault
and I did nothing wrong.
Emily is an adult woman
who can make her own choices.
And besides,
are you even really into girls?
I mean, what is your deal?
Uh...
I am, and this is
my best buddy Todd. 
No offense, Todd,
but your parents are creeping me out.
To the next amends!
I don't know.
I'm very drunk and a little nauseous,
but if I'm here in your house,
it must be to make amends.
I don't know.
Whatever it is that you think I did
to make you disappear.
How could you leave me like that
when I needed you most?
No, this is not about the Oscar campaign.
How could you think
that this is about the Oscar campaign?
We had something more, didn't we?
Well, not just drinking.
Yes, Ana, I'm a mess.
Whoa! I am a broken,
screwed-up misfit toy,
and you act all in control,
but I know that, deep down,
you're broken, too.
And I don't know why you won't just
give us a chance to be broken together.
What about that doesn't appeal to you?
Wait, did we just go to Ana's house?
Did I get closure?
We gotta go back.
I know I was just here,
but I feel like you told me
some important story
that explained everything about us.
Unfortunately, I totally spaced it.
Gotta be honest.
I've had a couple beers.
Oh, crud.
I feel like I'll definitely
get it this time.
One more time?
"I'm a lifeguard. This woman's house
smells weird, or is that me?
Pay attention, Sarah Lynn.
Don't do that thing
where you write down your thoughts
instead of what the person
is actually saying.
I wonder if it's time to get
my boobs done again."
That's very helpful.
Thank you. Who's next?
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
Okay, so I know
I keep bothering you tonight.
Oh, really?
I just need to know what you were
trying to tell me about being a lifeguard,
and then, I'll leave
and you'll never see me again.
What does that have to do with me?
What the--?
Where the hell are we now?
Ojai?
We drove all the way to Ojai?
We drove all the way to Ohio?!
What? No! That is a terrible idea.
Let's turn this car around right now.
Uh...
I feel we didn't turn the car around.
This is insane.
I already scarred her for life.
If I see her again, I'll just end up
getting my horribleness all over her.
So, when is she an architect?
No, I didn't mean what era.
If she's a call girl at night
and a spy during the day--
Oh, God, what's she doing?
Does she look emotionally damaged?
Yeah, probably.
That makes even more sense.
Yes.
So... obviously, I wanted to keep
following Penny because I'm an idiot.
Let's just nip this in the bud.
I'm gonna write "Do not follow Penny"
on my hands
in the unlikely scenario
of my blacking out again.
I'll just write "Follow Penny"
on this hand,
and then, on this hand, I'll write...
Goddamn it!
Uh, what?
She's drinking beer.
Oh, God, this is just like
the episode of Horsin' Around
when Olivia went to the frat party,
but Penny doesn't have a kind angel
played by Jose Canseco
to help her get out of this jam!
She's just drinking Red Bull.
Wait. Now, she's leaving.
She seems... fine.
Too fine, like she's hiding a dark secret
that's eating away at her soul.
Or, possibly... she's fine.
Maybe I didn't ruin her life.
Okay, good plan.
I'll just go pee out the last 20 beers.
Whoa. Look at me, walking good.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, no, no! Shush, shush.
Oh!
Hey, Penny!
No, I--
I tried--
Penny, no.
Penny?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, God.
Oh, good Lord!
Will you please stop talking about it?
Let's just go home.
Glove compartment.
Oh, that? Turns out there's
a brand of heroin called BoJack.
Thank you?
I don't know.
There's that old saying.
"Liquor before beer, never fear.
Don't do heroin."
I'm not gonna shoot heroin
with you, Sarah Lynn.
We can snort heroin
like sophisticated adults.
Why did you just say what year it is?
Oh.
Yeah.
Of course. Audiences hate meta jokes.
When will comedy writers learn?
I know what you're thinking--
Full frontal.
Sarah Lynn? I don't know.
I haven't spoken to her in years.
Besides, she's not gonna
want to do this.
She's the world's biggest pop star.
What is what?
Oh! Um, never mind. Hey, how long
have we known each other?
Feels like our entire lives.
We were on a TV show.
Isn't that insane?
You know, sometimes it feels like you're
the only one who really understands me,
because how could anyone else?
But we knew each other
before we were anybody,
and that's how we can be friends,
because we're not like those other people.
The people who glom onto you
because of who they think you are,
and they think they can sleep
on your couch and eat your food.
They think you're gonna
save their agency.
I never asked for that kind of pressure,
but you and me, we don't want
anything from each other.
You know, I... I could never
figure out what love meant,
but, right now, I don't need
to figure out anything.
I just feel it.
I love you, Sarah Lynn.
Sarah Lynn?
Sarah Lynn?
Oh, my God! Thank God you're okay!
Really?
How long have we been on this bender?
Hey.
We're not at your house right now.
Hey, hey, hey, it's okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
No, no! Calm down. Nobody is doomed.
And I'll tell you what we're gonna do.
We're gonna go to the planetarium.
Totally.
I always forget that there are
more than just the six stars
you can see in the Los Angeles sky.
I prefer rectangular buildings,
as I firmly established.
See, Sarah Lynn, we're not doomed.
In the great grand scheme of things,
we're just tiny specks
that will one day be forgotten.
So, it doesn't matter what we did
in the past, or how we'll be remembered.
The only thing that matters
is right now, this moment,
this one spectacular moment
we are sharing together.
Right, Sarah Lynn?
Sarah Lynn?
Sarah Lynn?
BOJACK: Can you just tell her BoJack's here?
Horseman. I'm an old friend.
It was incredible.
When you sang that one ballad
and shot fireworks out of your boobs,
that was such a moving tribute
to gays in the military.
Yeah. I'm not going anywhere.
You mean Calvin Klein.
Ugh! Yeah, you're telling me.
Uh...
Who's Sarah Lipschitz?
Oof!
Right.
Uh, what?
Well, actually, I'm doing this new show,
The BoJack Horseman Show.
I don't know if you've seen it or--
Yeah, no, of course, no,
but it's been a lot of fun.
The ratings aren't great,
but we have this upcoming episode,
and we're looking
for a really big guest star.
Well, I just thought it would
be really fun for... the both of us.
You know, like the old days.
I have the script with me
if you want to take a look at it.
Over here?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: A movie, during the day? Dare I?
One for Secretariat, please!
Thank you.
And, now, to turn my phone off.
If anyone needs me in the next two hours,
they'll just have to wait.

TODD: What's going on?
Oh, no!
Come on, come on, come on!
Pick up, Mr. Peanutbutter!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hello?

TODD: Oh! Mr. Peanutbutter, we need--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You've reached the voicemail
of Mr. Peanutbutter.

TODD: No!

BOJACK: I'm not just running for me.
I'm running for America.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh-ho-ho!

TODD: Cabracadabblers,
to Mr. Peanutbutter's house!
The house. Obviously, the house.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow, that was a good movie.
Was it Oscar-worthy? Who's to say?
Ninety-eight messages?
Better listen to them all, in order.

TODD: Mr. Peanutbutter, call me back
as soon as you get this, okay?
We need your strainers.
This is life and death.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, my God!

TODD: Mr. Peanutbutter,
I'm at your house with the entire
Cabracadabra fleet, but we can't get in!
You need to get over here!
It's a spaghetti-strainer-related
emergency.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right, buddy, just as soon as I listen
to these other 96 messages.
Oh, I don't have time for this!
Spaghetti or not, here I come.

BOJACK: Sabrina, I'm coming down
for my birthday surprise!
Well, I've heard of
pasta point of no return,
but this is ridiculous!
Why didn't you just tell me
you made too much spaghetti?
Sabrina, that's not going to happen.
We're a family now, no matter what,
and I will always be there for you.
Now, get in that kitchen
and eat all that spaghetti.

DIANE: I never understood why
the Horsin' Around house
had two sets of stairs.

BOJACK: What?

DIANE: One in the living room
and one in the kitchen. Why?
Have you ever been in a house like that?

BOJACK: What are you doing here?

DIANE: You didn't answer your phone.
I was worried about you.

BOJACK: The funeral was huge.
There were so many people there.
I kept thinking, "I did this to her,"
and everyone was just standing around
like, "Well, this was bound to happen,"
but... it wasn't bound to happen.

DIANE: I'm really sorry, BoJack.

BOJACK: I don't know how to be, Diane.
It doesn't get better
and it doesn't get easier.
I can't keep lying to myself,
saying "I'm gonna change." I'm poison.

DIANE: BoJack--

BOJACK: I come from poison.
I have poison inside me,
and I destroy everything I touch.
That's my legacy.
I have nothing to show
for the life that I've lived,
and I have nobody in my life
who's better off for having known me.

DIANE: That isn't true.

BOJACK: Isn't it, though?

DIANE: When I was a kid,
I used to watch you on TV.
And you know I didn't have
the best family.
Things weren't that great for me.
But, for half an hour every week,
I got to watch this show
about four people who had nobody,
who came together and became a family.
And, for half an hour every week,
I had a home,
and it helped me survive.
BoJack, there are millions of people
who are better off for having known you.

BOJACK: Why did you never tell me that?

DIANE: I guess to preserve some fiction
of journalistic objectivity.
Like that's a thing.

BOJACK: I know you don't want to hear this,
but you're too good to be writing
Instagram captions for celebrities.

DIANE: I'm not just--

BOJACK: I'm sorry, but you are.
You know you are.

DIANE: Okay. Thank you.

BOJACK: And I wish you didn't get so distant
after you moved out.

DIANE: I'm sorry.

BOJACK: You know me better than anybody,
and you can't not be a part of my life.
I want to do Ethan Around.
No, it's me, BoJack Horseman.
Yeah. I think now more than ever
people need shows like Horsin' Around.
I... need a show like Horsin' Around.
What? No.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Please, please! I'm no hero.
I'm just a guy
with some bowls full of holes.
Thanks again.
It's funny. You help out
at one disaster area,
and, suddenly, everybody loves you,
unless you're Sean Penn.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, you can't buy that kind of press,
and you can buy most kinds of press.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I hope some of that press
makes its way to this reader
because she is not a fan
of Cabracadabra.
She hates it.

DIANE: I don't hate Cabracadabra.
I just think it objectifies women
and contributes to a cheap and damaging
culture of sexist commodification
that undercuts the exact reason
it was started in the first place.
But, you know, everything does that.
Cosmo does that.
Kids' movies, athletic gear... statues.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yes, but this objectification of women
ended up saving lots of lives,
many of whom were also women,
so, therefore, not sexist?

DIANE: I can't argue with that.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, the good news is,
you don't have to anymore,
because I'm selling the company!
You know, it's really too bad
you shut down the agency,
because, if you could've held out
for just a couple more months,
right now,
Vim would be rolling in money.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm really happy for you,
but I'm actually enjoying my time off.
Ralph and I went on vacation.
Those Egyptians really know
how to treat a cat.

DIANE: And what do you do, Ralph,
that you can just hop on a plane to Cairo?
Oh, because you're a mouse?
Oh, my God! Like Stilton hotels?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I gotta take this. It's my new agent.
Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So, anyway--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Another offer? That's incredible!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ralph and I--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: They want to pay me how much?
That is a lot of zeroes. Sign me up.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is he doing?
You never take the first offer.

DIANE: Well, I'm just weighing my options.
I don't want to just jump into my next--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You know what you should do?
Ralph's sister Stefani
is starting a new website.
It's a feminism/lifestyle/celebrity blog/
newsletter/community hub,
and she's looking for a partner/editor/
"bomb-ass super bitch," her words.
You'd be perfect for it.
I'll set a meeting.

DIANE: Yeah, that could be cool.
Why don't you give her my info?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, no. I'll just set a meeting.
It's easy. I'm not doing anything else.
Right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow, another amazing offer!
It's like everywhere I look,
money, money, money!
Even ten percent of this
would be quite a windfall.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah.
I like it, too.
I wasn't a manager. I was an agent.
Oh, my God!
Maybe that was the problem!
All this time, I thought I was an agent,
but what if what I was really
supposed to be was a manager?
It's a completely different line of work.
An agent helps a client find jobs,
but a manager helps manage
a client's career.
I think I'm having an epiphany.
It's like I've been wearing
the wrong bra size this whole time.
No, Ralph. Don't you get it?
This is a new beginning.
I'm gonna be a manager!

BOJACK: Wow.
Listen, before everyone
gets here tomorrow,
I have a couple notes on the script.
No. On page 18,
Ethan and the Horse try to get Julia
to put on the roller skates,
and she runs out of the room crying,
and then, the Horse says,
"That went well."
Anything about that feel weird to you?
No, I get the irony.
That's not the issue.
This is a guaranteed laugh.
You're giving me the cut to commercial.
You can't give all the best jokes to me.
You tell me. Let's hear it.
You're pushing too hard.
The line's funny. Trust the line.
Great. Now let me hear you throw it away.
Yes, that was great!
And that was a great look,
with the eyebrow.
What if we both did that?
Exactly. Let's try it.
Yeah, you feel that?
Now that's how you cut to commercial.

DIANE: This place has really gone downhill
since they got that new chef.
Sorry, did you say "croosh"?
So, can I ask what
the business model is here?
Well, you know what's great about that is,
if you're not beholden to ad revenue,
your writers can--
Thank you.
Why would I have to do that?
He's actually selling that company.
If I have a problem with my husband,
I'm gonna talk to him about it directly.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You got the job?

DIANE: I got the job!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, my God! Can you believe it?
In the same week,
I sell a company for millions of dollars
and you get a job writing for a blog.
When it rains, it pours, huh?

TODD: And over here is where you can keep
all of your receipts,
in your leaning tower of receipts.
Okay.
Whoa!
This is for eight million dollars.
Todd, as a millionaire?
That'll lead to some interesting stories.
What an exciting development.
How's that gonna change the dynamic?
I guess we're gonna find out, right?
Hooray! Todd's in the one percent.
Oh, uh...
Hey.

BOJACK: Julia, this ice cream is only for girls
who try on their roller skates.
So, what do you say?
What? I'll be in my trailer.
Hey, Chloe, that was really funny.
Are you having fun?
You got any friends in the audience?
Oh. You want to know a secret
about your mommy and daddy?
They are really proud of you.
What do you want to be
when you grow up, Chloe?
Like me?
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
I can't be here.
I can't do this again. This isn't right.
I need to go.
I'm sorry. I just-- I don't belong here.
I don't know.

TODD: So, what are you gonna do
with your eight million dollars?
I've always wanted to go
to a super nice restaurant
and order everything on the menu.
We should go sometime, together.
Of course.
Whoa. Why would you even--?
I'm not gay.
I mean, I don't think I am,
but... I don't think I'm straight, either.
I don't know what I am.
I think I might be nothing.
Yeah?
Oh, crap! I accidentally tipped
the waitress eight million dollars!
Well, guess I'm broke again.

DIANE: Who could that be?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Pizza?
Katrina, you're not pizza.
Oh, is it being married to you again?
Because I'd rather get euthanized.
Spoiler alert from Marley & Me.
If you've got a gig for me,
you can go through my new manager.
Then what are you talking about?
Oh, my God, this is so classic Katrina!
Whoa.
Of California?

DIANE: Who's at the door? Is it pizza?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Thank you, Judah.
Tell her I don't work for BoJack.
MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's fine, Katrina. If I didn't randomly
wander into doors all the time,
I never would have ended up
co-piloting the very plane
that brought me to Los Angeles.
Of course. That's why I stopped...
what I was doing to come inside.
Ooh, are you filming a sitcom?
I love sitcoms!
You should have a character say,
"Talk to the hand."
The hand! Not the face,
where the ears are.
Newsflash: hands can't hear.
But my favorite scenes
are when a character
is completely oblivious to something
really important going on behind him.
That, dear friends, is where the sit
truly hits the com.
Kind of in the middle of something.
He's yakking away, tension's building...
...the audience is like,
"Hey, turn around."
Maybe the person behind him
even interrupts him--
Yeah just like that.
And then, when it would be ridiculous
to go on even one second longer...
Do you mind?
Only then does he say,
exasperated,
"What? What do you want?"
Doggie-doggie what now?
Me, a star? But I have
no experience, no formal training.
Ohh...

DIANE: Hey, BoJack, it's me again.
Hmm?
I haven't heard from you
in, like, three months,
so I'm calling again
to make sure you're okay.
What's new with me?
Well...

TODD: Monocle? No, I think
you're thinking of Mr. Peanut.

DIANE: I don't know if you heard
but Mr. Peanutbutter
is running for governor, kind of.
First, they need to get Woodchuck
Coodchuck-Berkowitz recalled,
which is basically impossible.
So that actually makes it really easy
for me to be supportive.
How's the recall effort?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Stupendous!

DIANE: Well even if you don't get all the signatures,
I'll still be proud of you.
Maybe even more so.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But when we do get
the signatures we need--
please note I said "when," not "if"...

TODD: Noted.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: ...then the campaign will begin in...
oh, where did you say again, Katrina?
Right. Earnest, California.

DIANE: Looks like you two
have everything worked out.
Just please note
that I am being supportive.

TODD: Noted!

DIANE: Most women wouldn't like
having their husband's ex-wife
hanging around all the time,
but I'm totally cool with it
because she makes me look
super chill by comparison.
Oh, uh-- okay.
Anyway, call me back.
This is Diane, by the way.
Nguyen, obviously.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You sure you wouldn't rather
just play a governor
in a movie or TV show?
I could attach Tommy Schlamme
to direct.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Tommy Schlamme, shmommy Schlamme.
This is bigger than all that.
Don't you recall?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Recall what?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The governor. We need signatures.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, sure.
Where do you stand on the issues?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm mainly for people right now
and also for the future.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Listen, I'm not feeling so hot.
Why don't you go get
signatures downstairs.
Jennifer Garner's in the lobby.
She'll sign on to anything.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: "I always make a beeline
to see my feline." Aww!
Oh, that's right! What train wreck
are we rubbernecking at this year?
Oh! 
Ugh!

TODD: You know what I'd do
if I had eight million dollars?
Oh, no, no, no.
I mean, if I had
eight million dollars now,
I'd start a company that makes
remote-controlled drones.
But these drones have a seat
hanging from the bottom
so you can fly around in it.
A drone with a throne.
A drone throne.
I feel like you're getting
really hung up on labels.
Aww, you don't need an app,
just hang out with me.
What a way to end a sentence.
Whoa. Why did you call me that?
I'm not-- that word doesn't describe--
Wow. Well, I would label
this conversation "rough".

DIANE: Hey, BoJack, it's me again,
voicemail number 17.
Did I tell you I'm working at a blog?
I wrote a story about
an all-girl refugee kickball league.
It didn't get as many clicks as Gillian's
story about how in certain pictures
you can see the outline
of Chris Hemsworth's penis
but, you know, we're all contributing
in our own ways.
Anyway, it's weird not having you around.
I hope you're okay, wherever you are.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: "I'm so smitten
with my favorite little adult cat."
Oh! I love it.
I'm sorry I couldn't make it
to the  Paul Blart 3: Till Death
Do Us Blart  premiere last night.
I had a doctor's appointment.
Yeah, yeah, it's fine.
Oh. Wow!
I-- I could, and I would,
but it's not a good time.
I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah, I'm super young.
Blake Lively accidentally
called me Mommy yesterday,
but I'm sure she does that
to other young women all the time.

TODD: Churro-flavored waffles!
Huh?
Drone Throne.
Whoa, whoa!
Okay, Todd. Whoa!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, God, today's the day.
I haven't been this nervous
since Diane was vacuuming
during a thunderstorm
on the Fourth of July,
I had to take a bath,
and there was a stranger in our yard.
So it's gonna take a miracle, huh?

DIANE: Oh, no! It's over.
Everyone can get out of my house now.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ooh, tough break, kid.
We're all in shock.
McG! Are you still looking for a star
for your transgender Teddy Roosevelt
Planes, Trains and Automobiles  reboot,
Plans, Trans, A Man, A Canal, Panama?
Because someone just became available.

TODD: Whoa! Whoa!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't understand what happened.

DIANE: I'm sorry, Mr. Peanutbutter.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You know, it's funny.
Personally I like Woodchuck
and he's a fine governor,
but for some reason, even though
I have zero qualifications,
I honestly thought I would have made
an even better governor.

DIANE: Well, what matters is you tried.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But I would have been good, right?

DIANE: Now that there's no chance
you will ever be governor,
I can tell you honestly...
Yes. You would have been great.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Stop. But seriously, though, elaborate.

DIANE: You care about people,
you follow your heart.
Those are important qualities
you should never give up on.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So what you're saying is
I shouldn't give up?

DIANE: On those qualities.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah. Never concede.
Stick it out, stay in the race.

DIANE: Uh-- no--
Uh, maybe we should get
Katrina's two cents on this.
Katrina?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Race. That's it, Diane!
You diabolical Thin Mint.
You, and only you, are responsible
for the great thing I am about to do.
Katrina?
Thank you, thank you.
Moments ago I found myself
in what seemed to be a no-win situation.
But it turns out
it was a "Nguyen situation."
I'm referring of course
to my supportive wife Diane Nguyen,
who told me to never give up!
And that's why I am challenging
Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz
to a ski race down Devil's Mountain.

DIANE: What?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No more petitions
or fancy ballot initiatives,
just a mano a mano,
no-holds-barred slippery slalom
down an ice-covered peak.
Winner gets to be governor,
loser goes home.
Your move, Governor.
Mic drop!
Well not just any ski race, a high-stakes dash
down Devil's Mountain
for the governorship itself.
You and me both, friendo.
But this isn't an us-ocracy,
it's a dem-ocracy.
So let's ask "dem" what "dey" think.
Any questions for the governor, folks?

TODD: Drone Throne strikes again! Ha ha!
Suckers! Hooray!
Ha ha! Oh-- oh, no!
Aw, man.
I was hoisted by my own petard,
the one petard I thought
would never hoist me.

DIANE: Well, I guess that puts
that idea to bed, right?
Right?
Right?!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa!

DIANE: This is insane.
You could actually become governor
by winning a race.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah. Wow.
You know, it's days like this
I wish I knew how to ski.
Never really got into it, no.
I didn't think
it would get this far.
You gotta admit, this is pretty out there.

DIANE: Well, I guess that's it. Oh, well.
Tough break. Bye forever, Katrina.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Doggie-doggie what now?

DIANE: Hey, BoJack, it's me again.
Where are you, I'm worried,
hope you're not dead,
etc... you get it.
Anyway, things are even crazier
around here lately.
Don't know if you've seen the news,
but I really wish you were here for this.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I'm off to ski school
so I can learn how to ski,
so I can become the governor.

DIANE: You'd say something like,
"That's the dumbest thing
I've ever heard."
Sounds great, sweetheart.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But as the old saying goes,
that's politics.

DIANE: Then you'd probably say,
"A, that's not an old saying
and, B, that's not politics!
Nothing about that is politics."
This is so great!
Then you would be so overwhelmed
by the unbearable ludicrousness
of the situation
that you would get in your car
and drive to Hawaii,
which is also a thing you could do now
because of a new bill
that cost our state billions of dollars.
It's all so great!
You know, it's funny,
because the last time I saw you
you  told  me  that you needed me
in your life,
and then you just disappeared.
So how do you think
that makes me feel?
Well, wherever you are,
I hope you're happy.
I really do, BoJack.
Also, I haven't seen Todd in a while.
He's not with you, is he?

TODD: Oh, simple kettle corn.
Between the worlds of the sweet
and the savory.
Not quite popcorn, not quite candy.
What are we?
Hey, get away! Get, get!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow, my first day at ski academy.
What collegiate shenanigans
will befall me?
Professor Thistlethorpe,
the famously humorless yet somehow
also lovable ski instructor?
Uh...
You really mean it?
Oh, I don't have skis.
Was I supposed to bring skis?
You didn't say that.
No! I forgot to.
I'm sor-- Excellent?
Oh!
Are you okay, professor?
I can't believe ski school
is already over.
Professor Thistlethorpe?
Professor Thistlethorpe!
I will.
Also, if you have any tips for skiing,
that would be really helpful.
Who's Ben?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Nothing yet.
Oh! I made you a card.
Sorry, I went a little overboard
with the glitter
and a little underboard with the glue.
No, I was just a little pregnant.
I was gonna tell you, really,
but then before I could tell you
there was nothing to tell you.
I'm sorry. I just felt dumb
because all my life I've wanted a family.
But I didn't want it to happen
just because I got pregnant by accident
and then you got stuck with me.
You know what I mean.
Well, I didn't try to!
Really?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho!
Ohh! Get control.

TODD: Goodbye, dear friend.
You served me well.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay, all right, here we go.

TODD: Mr. Peanutbutter?
Ohh! 

DIANE: I see Woodchuck!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh... whoa... Whoa!

DIANE: Oh, my God.

TODD: Todd forever!
Whaa!
Ow, ow, ow, ow! 

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Did I win?

DIANE: Come on, honey.
Let's go home.

TODD: So help me Todd.
You know, ever since
I first became governor
I've thought,
"I don't want to be governor"
and that's where I am now.
So, can I not be governor?
Yeah. I'm just really not
into labels right now.
Maybe after some soul searching
I'll be ready to really know what I am.
But for right now,
I think I speak for all Californians
when I say, "I ate too much kettle corn
while drifting through the sky
on an out of control drone throne."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Election, you say?
You bet I will, and you know why?
Because this whole ski race was a joke.
Of course Woodchuck was gonna beat me.
He went to Dartmouth.
So where's the candidate
for regular schmoes like me,
who went to Northwestern?
You know, Governor Woodchuck
Coodchuck-Berkowitz
thinks he's better than us,
but is he better than us?
He thinks the race is over.
Well, I say it's just starting.
And he wants me to sit and stay
and roll over?
I say California's tired of rolling over.
What do you say?
I say it's time for me
to stand up and speak.

DIANE: Diane-Diane what now?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So loud as you can,
let me hear what you want.
I can't hear you!

BOJACK:BoJack Horsemack Horseman oh, wait, how do I
BOJACK: I don't need any help, thanks.
Ryan Gosling? No.
I get that all the time, it's--
No, sorry.
Okay I'm not too fat to be BoJack.
No, BoJack is not fatter.
No! We are both equally not fat.
Are you kidding me?
He looks nothing like me...
Meester Horseman.
No.
I'm not 
Listen to me--
All right! Ow!
No!
What?!
Why would you get Paul Giamatti
to play me... meaty roles like that one?
What do you care?
What kind of a sandwich
has cherries on top?
Ow!
Hey, what's your name?
Eddie, why don't you mind
your goddamn business?
What? Wait.
Hey, did you fix my door?
That is a dick move, buddy!
What the...?
Hey! Stop fixing my door, asshole!
Why did you fix this so good?
Well, call me a Kit Kat bar
because I'm already broken.
I plastered this wall, didn't I?
Uh... oh... oh, oh...
The problem is
I can't get the right supplies
because the girls at the hardware store
are so annoying.
Yeah. "Hey, Tamara, how about
you get some manners ta-day?"
Yeah, fine, you can help, a little.
If it means so much to you,
I will let you help me.
Oh.
How come you don't go away
for winter like everyone else?
Okay.
So, like, in an airplane, then?
You don't have to fly the plane.
They got this new thing now,
it's called being a passenger.
BoJack Horseman? No.
Who's BoJack Horseman?
He's a very famous TV and film star.
Or he was, yeah, before he gave it all up
for a life of quiet anonymity.
Where is he? Nobody knows.
Perhaps a small town just like this one.
Perhaps he's even...
in this very room.
But he's not,
'cause I'm not BoJack Horseman.
He was my grandfather. I used to come here
in the summers when I was a kid.
Yeah, well, there isn't any more of us.
I'm the last of my line.
Once my mother dies and I die
that'll be it,
which is probably for the best.
Oh, thank you.
That was the reaction I was going for.
Why'd you call me Hambone?
Oh, right, right, right, right, right.
Huh.
Look at this.
What? No. Why would I--?
Forget that.
Look at that weather vane.
The house isn't finished yet.
We can't stop
till we find that weather vane.
Oh. Uh, all right.
Oh.
Hey, there it is!
Why'd you say you can't fly? Who's that
other person you're clearly in love with?
Fine. Keep your stupid secret
about your clearly dead wife
and your probably-related
dumb fear of flying. See if I care.
Ooh! It's still there!
Oh, of course, the twelve hundred...
pound horse
will shimmy up a drain pipe to get it,
that makes more sense
than the dragonfly, who has the word "fly"
in the name of what he is.
Okay, all right, so you've gone now.
You walked away, while I make my point.
Idiot.
Huh.
Hey, Eddie, come on. Eddie, let's go!
Eddie, let's go!
Yeah? Well, you got a nice set of pipes.
You're like a Josh Groban
who doesn't also think he's funny.
Wow.
I wish I could somehow
pay you back for all your help.
Hey, Eddie.
Ow! 
I don't know, I thought
you would fly to save me
and by making you fly I would,
in a sense, be saving you!
You're flying right now, asshole!
You're welcome.
Okay. Obviously, this was not
the preferred outcome for either of us.
Oh, shit. No, I'm fine, actually.
Clearly, this is a sore subject. I was
wrong to bring it up. Let's go back down.
Whoa! Plane! Look out!
Oh, God. No, no, come on.
Come on.
Are you insane?!

DIANE: BoJack? Where are you?
Are you okay?

BOJACK: I don't know. I'm so sorry.

DIANE: It's okay. Talk to me.
What's going on?

BOJACK: It's Michigan,
and it's beautiful here,
and everything sucks.

DIANE: Michigan?
BoJack, come home.

BOJACK: I can't.
I don't belong there,
I don't belong anywhere.

DIANE: But that's the thing,
everybody belongs in Los Angeles.
There's, like, no barrier for entry.

BOJACK: Oh, God, that's true. 
They do let in just anybody.

DIANE: I was at a coffee shop yesterday,
I heard a guy trying to impress someone
by soft-pitching a web series
he crowdfunded.

BOJACK: Let me guess: the web series is about
how funny he and his friends are,
just, like, hanging out.

DIANE: He described it as HBO's  Girls
but, like, from a guy's perspective.

BOJACK: What?!
And he's just giving this away for free
in a coffee shop?
Somebody get this guy an overall!

DIANE: Well, the important thing
is that barista's
definitely going to have sex
with him later.

BOJACK: I've missed you, Diane.

DIANE: I've missed you, too.

BOJACK: Keep going, keep going, keep going.
There we go, big boy.
Oh hey probably should have warned you,
when these guys tear the house down
it might make some noise.
Uh, yeah. You think I just want
to mope around in a shrine to the past,
getting off on my own guilt
while the rest of my life passes me by?
Pathetic, much?
Yeah, and then you tried to kill me.
That's usually a series wrap
on a friendship.
Are you serious?
Oh, my God, what am I doing
in this backwash of a town?
Do you even get Showtime here?
I don't know.
Guess it was just a big waste of time.
But you can't change the past.
Time's arrow marches on, right?
Well, as a great woman once said,
suck a dick, dumbshit.
Home.

TODD: Excuse me. Sorry!
Oh, hey, guys. I was eating a taco earlier
and I got salsa on my shirt.
I went to clean it off, but then when
I put my hands in the automatic dryer
I forgot I was still holding the taco.
I got my hands all greasy,
so I couldn't open the doorknob
for an hour.
What you guys talking about?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Fracktastic!
Meanwhile, all this talk
of whatever it is you're talking about
is making me hungry.

TODD: Mmm?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Cheese? Yes, please!
Well, then, color me "the people"
because I would also like
to know my opinion.

DIANE: Here's a thought
maybe be against fracking.
It's terrible!
But that's just my opinion. You don't tell me how to do my job.
But also, fracking is the worst. I can't
believe you'd even consider endorsing it.
None of my business.
Gotta get to work. Love you!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Bye, hon!

DIANE: But seriously, seriously,
if you come out in support of fracking
I'm gonna be super upset. Bye!
Ohh. Are you a fan of charming
but inessential Will Smith movies?
Because, slight  Hitch,
I always show I'm empathic
by taking off my glasses dramatically,
but I kinda lost them.
Wow! This must be what I'd look like
to a starving shipwrecked person.
I was in a meeting with Princess Carolyn.
She was saying
I'm always forgetting stuff,
so I whipped off my glasses,
looked her square in the eye and said,
"I never forget a thing."
I might have left my glasses there.

TODD: I never know if I can handle anything.
That's what makes my life so exciting.
Mr. Peanutbutter, there's a delivery!
I can't sign for another man's mail.
That's how I ended up with the cremains
of Cornelius Vanderbilt.
It all started when a young Todd--
I don't have time for this!
I've got a job to do.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's Todd!

TODD: It's me!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You are just the guy I need.
You know the actress Courtney Portnoy?

TODD: I think so. She portrayed the formerly
portly consort in  The Seaport Resort ?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Courtly roles like
the formerly portly consort
are Courtney Portnoy's forte,
but she's got a new action movie
that's supposed to change her image:
Ms. Taken.
You know Mr. Taken
from the Taken  movies?
This is his niece.

TODD: Nice!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This was supposed to be Courtney's
crossover coronation.
But that's sort of been thwarted,
unfortunately,
'cause Courtney's
purportedly falling short
of shoring up four-quadrant support.

TODD: Makes perfect sense so far.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: The public sees her as out of touch.
We need to make her seem relatable,
and the best way to do that
is to be seen dating a down-to-earth
boring nobody like yourself.
You can do that, right?
You're not doing anything.

TODD: I'm kind of busy today.
I gotta pick up these glasses,
and then tonight there was this meeting
I wanted to go to.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This will take no time, I promise.
Meet her for lunch.
The paparazzi will show up,
pop some razzis.

TODD: I do love getting my picture taken.
It's proof I exist.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Marvelous!
Judah, prepare the press release.
"Portnoy finds joy in hoi polloi boy toy."

TODD: Here you go.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thank you.

TODD: Ooh.
You got it, chief.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.
Good morning!
Let's talk fracking.
Everyone has very strong opinions
about it,
and I want you all to know,
right here and right now,
I am taking a stand.
I am on... your side!
Good question.
I am specifically
on the side of the facts,
and also on the side of feelings.
Oh, excuse me,
would Mr. Peanutbutter
be willing to sign this letter
to our state government?

TODD: Yes. I'll write his name on anything.
And down goes Todd.
And up comes Todd!
Whoa!
Stay back!
Wait, wait, wait.
What's your first name?
And your last name?
Got it.
Wait, what's your last name?
How'd that happen? Test tubes?
Oh, of course.
Less of course.
That's a terrible thing to say to a baby!
I guess it's possible.
BoJack used to say his penis
is like sun-dried tomatoes:
back in the '90s it got into everything.
No, I get it. BoJack had one
of those spy kits, too.
He mostly just used the chloroform
on himself, though.
Sorry. I don't live there anymore.
And no one knows where he's been
for the last year.
I guess his house might have
Whoa!
Okay, there might be some hairs
in the shower drain,
but hard to know who they belong to.
Everyone who has sex with BoJack
usually takes a long shower afterwards.
Oh, no, BoJack.

BOJACK: What the... was...

TODD: Okay.

BOJACK: Blow? Who's got blow?
Save some for BoJack. Huh?
Wait, Todd? Oh, shit. Are you gonna
yell at me? Can I have the blow first?

TODD: No. BoJack, there's no blow, okay?
And I'm not going to yell at you.

BOJACK: And what is this?
Of the New Haven
Manheim-Mannheim-Guerrero-Robinson-
Zilberschlag-Hsung-Fonzerelli-McQuacks?
That was a joke. Obviously, I've never
heard of your family and/or law firm.
That was also a joke. Todd, who is
this tough crowd you brought to my home?

TODD: Um, BoJack, this is your daught...
...dot-dot maid.

BOJACK: Way to build up the suspense.

TODD: To, uh, tidy up the place
in case you came back.

BOJACK: You got me a maid? Thank you.
Here I thought Channing Tatum
was a good neighbor
for picking up my mail while I was gone,
but you, and after all the things
I did to you,
I don't know how to tell you--

TODD: BoJack, we haven't talked in like a year,
and that's actually been
kind of working for me.
So, maybe it's better if we just
keep things like that, you know?

BOJACK: Oh. Okay. So then why did you hire me--
Oh, yeah, deliver me.

TODD: Can you tell me if this is a match?
Hollyhock.
Manheim-Mannheim-Gorilla-Rub-a-Dub-Dub
Zoolander-Hallelujah-something-McDonald's?
Duh!
1:00?
I gotta go meet my fake girlfriend!
No, it's fine.
Uh... do you want me to take you
somewhere else?
There's a Pony Roma's
at Universal CityWalk.
I can't do this.
Wait, Courtney!
Famous father? Hair? Sample?
DNA?
I gotta get back to Hollyhock.
Hollyhock, I need to get--
Did you clean anything?
So all you've done so far
is snoop around?
Yeah, I'm not sure we really need
to do this DNA test.
Okay, fine, then I just need you
to yank out a strand of hair
so I can take it down to the lab.
Um...
No.
No, but I can pull out some of my hair
at the same time,
so you don't have to do it alone.
Ow!

BOJACK: Todd, can I see you for a minute?
This maid is the worst.
I passed out again for some reason.
When I woke up, the house
was messier than when she started.
I don't mind someone else
in the house with me,
in case I start choking on pills
or have a funny take on current events
that demands an audience, but if she
can't do her job, I gotta fire her.

TODD: You can't do that!
Here, buzz up real nice,
take a nap, and while you're sleeping,
I'll get the maid to clean
so no one has to fire anyone.
Well, we did it.
Todd's phone, home of the Todd.
I don't want to be a manners police,
but a "hello" would be nice.
Ooh.
Jeez, I hope Randy's okay.
Yes. Should I have not done the thing
you literally told me to do?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, buddy, I just want you to know
that while Katrina is filled
with white-hot frustration
as she has been for much of this campaign,
I'm not mad.
I'm just nervous about
what Diane will do when she finds out.
But I've got a plan, and it stars you!

TODD: What? You want me to keep Diane away
from the TV, radio, and Internet?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ohh! That's a way better idea than I had.
Yeah, do that.

TODD: Hollyhock, I gotta run.
I'll try to get the hairs tested today.
Just stay here and act maid-like.
Ah, okay.
Hey, look at me! I'm dancing.
The time is now! Don't miss out!

DIANE: Okay, Todd, that's some good dancing,
but I've got work to do
and you've been dancing for...
55 minutes?!

TODD: It's a new dance.
I call it the... come on, stall, Todd.
Gotta think of something to call
this fake dance you just made up.
Samba.

DIANE: Well, it's not like nobody
clicks on my articles.

TODD: Todd's phone.
I know when that Toddline bling.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What happened at the restaurant?
You disappeared before the paparazzi
even got there.
The whole point
was to get a picture with her.

TODD: Oh! Oops.
Uh, you want me to draw a picture
from memory?
How tall is she?
What is she, like, eight feet?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, plan B.
She's gonna be at the Sharc Jacobs
fashion show in 30 minutes.
There's an empty seat there
for her boyfriend, you.
Be there, get the photo. Got it?
Click.

TODD: So, I gotta go.

DIANE: How do I make people care
about important stuff
when all they want to do is read articles
about who got slayed
and who owned at the VMAs?

TODD: When I need Mr. Peanutbutter
to take his heartworm pills,
I always hide it in cheese
so he doesn't know
he's doing something he hates.
What if you take your important stuff
and hide it in some juicy gossip?

DIANE: That's actually a really good idea.
But... I don't know any gossip
and I wouldn't even know where to look.
The Internet?

TODD: No! Look at me!
Because I have potentially
earth-shattering inside info!
That beloved famous person, uh...
Channing Tatum may have
an illegitimate daughter
that's also a Cordovian refugee.

DIANE: Are you serious?

TODD: I have these two hairs.
One is from Channing,
the other is from a baby.
If the DNA lab confirms a match,
you have your story.

DIANE: Thanks, Todd. I owe you one.

TODD: Okay, but if it's a match,
please call me first.
'Cause, uh-- 'cause I love juicy gossip.
Where am I supposed to go?
Okay.
"El  Entrance?"
Gracias, sign. Muy bien.
Um...
Uh... okay.
And this is how I walk...
Uh... hmm... uh...
No! Wait!
Isn't fashion supposed to be for everyone?
Todd's phone.
Leave a message at the Todd.

DIANE: The DNA matched!
Looks like a wide variety of screen roles
isn't the only thing
Channing brought life to.

TODD: It's a match?
I gotta tell Holly... woo agents
to keep their eyes peeled
for a refugee baby
with abs to die for.
Where's Hollyhock?
I need to talk to her.

BOJACK: She's in maid heaven.

TODD: She's dead?!

BOJACK: Sorry, I meant she belongs in maid heaven
because she is a cleaning angel.

TODD: Where is she?

BOJACK: I sent her to Channing Tatum's house
to pay him back for collecting my mail
while I was out of town.
Looks like I missed quite a deal
at Pottery Barn.
Life is but an endless series
of missed opportunities,
some involving Pottery Barn.

TODD: Okay, I'm gonna--

BOJACK: Can you believe this?
Mr. Peanutbutter's running for governor.

TODD: I can believe it, because I've been around
for the last year.

BOJACK: Right. How's Diane feel about that?

TODD: You could ask her yourself.
Does she even know you're back?

BOJACK: I wanted to call her,
but I'm just not ready.
Nobody knows I'm back except you.
And Channing Tatum, and my pills guy,
and my booze guy,
my weed guy, my coke guy,
some smartass at Pizza Hut
who deserved an in-person finger-wagging,
and my maid.

TODD: And now she's at Channing Tatum's house?

BOJACK: I came back because
I wanted to fix things,
but now I don't know if I can.

TODD: Uh-huh.

BOJACK: I've been so lucky to have people
in my life who care about me.
I don't deserve any of them.
I definitely don't deserve
to have a friend as amazing
and generous and forgiving
and thoughtful as...

TODD: Yeah? Oh.

BOJACK: Channing Tatum.
I'm only gonna hurt him
like I've hurt everyone else.
I was a fool to think I could just
jump back into a new relationship.
Can you go over to Channing Tatum's house,
tell him I won't be his friend?
I can't break another heart.
Not today, not Channing.

TODD: Okay.
Hollyhock, I need to tell you something.
Are you sure you want to know?
I don't know if BoJack is ready
for a normal relationship with anyone.
Well, then good news.
I got the results and...
it's not a match.
Yeah. Good news, right?

DIANE: Hello? Anybody home?

TODD: Get down! Go, go, go! Shh.

DIANE: I can hear someone in there.
Channing?
Jenna Dewan?
Their daughter, Everly Elizabeth?

TODD: Uh, it's me... 
Channing Tatum.
I'm in the middle of, uh,
channing right now,
but you can come back... tatum?

DIANE: Listen, I'm a reporter.
I tested your DNA
against another sample's DNA,
and apparently the two are related.
You're a father.

TODD: Okay. Thanks!

DIANE: I was going to write a story
and drag your name through the mud
just because I thought a couple more
people would click on an article I wrote.
But I don't think that's
the kind of journalist I want to be.
Maybe I'm not cut out
for this line of work.
Sorry to bother you.

TODD: Uh... Hey, I obviously don't
know you because I am Channing Tatum,
the guy from  Green Lantern
or whatever,
and you are a nobody,
but you came all the way over here
to warn me about something
you hadn't even written yet.
You ask me, movie star Channing Tatum,
I'd say you're exactly the kind
of journalist we need in this world.

DIANE: Wow!
That doesn't sound at all
like Channing Tatum's voice,
but that is the kind of thing I would want
Channing Tatum to say to me,
so thanks, Channing.
Love half your movies!

TODD: That was a close one,
huh, Hollyhock?
Hollyhock?
Todd's phone. What do you want?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So, I see lots of pictures of you
at the fashion show,
but none of you with Courtney.

TODD: Oh, crap!
Hi.
Uh, why are you wearing my clothes?
Oh. So, uh...
what's it like being a movie star?
Yeah, that's exactly how I feel.
Ohh.
Okay.
Yeah. Talking's good.
You know, there was a meeting
I was supposed to go to tonight,
but I don't think I'm gonna go.
I don't know if I'm ready.
What if it's not everything
I want it to be?
Sometimes the idea of something
is better than the truth, you know?
Yeah, that makes sense.
Hooray! I'm confused!
Hollyhock? Are you here?

BOJACK: No, but BoJack, who lives here, is here.

TODD: BoJack, I gotta tell you, um...
Hollyhock is your daughter.

BOJACK: What do you mean?

TODD: She's your daughter.

BOJACK: I don't understand.

TODD: She has Horseman DNA.
You're her father.

BOJACK: That's impossible. I'm BoJack.

TODD: She didn't want me to tell you,
but I thought you should know.

BOJACK: I guess I don't blame her.
I wouldn't want to be my daughter either.

TODD: BoJack...

BOJACK: Look what I do to people
I'm supposed to care about.
I had sex with the one person
I've ever seen you be in love with.

TODD: I guess they're not gonna put you
in the best friends hall of fame,
but I don't know that I loved her.
I don't think I'm allowed to be in love.

BOJACK: Don't say that.
You do so much for everybody.
And all you ever asked for
was a roof over your head
and the occasional s'more in a baguette.

TODD: I'm telling you,
it's a million-dollar idea.

BOJACK: I got more of you than I ever deserved.
If you never talk to me again
I just want you to know
that I appreciate it,
and I appreciate you.

TODD: Thanks.
It was shitty
what you did with Emily, but, um...
I think I'm... asexual.

BOJACK: A sexual what? Dynamo, deviant?
Harassment lawsuit waiting to happen?

TODD: No. Asexual, not sexual.

BOJACK: Ohh.

TODD: I'm sure you think that's weird.

BOJACK: Are you kidding? That's amazing.
Sometimes I wish I was asexual.
Maybe then I wouldn't have
a  strain of herpes.

TODD: You have multiple strains--

BOJACK: I know.
The joke only works with the "a".

TODD: It actually feels nice
to finally say it out loud.
I am an asexual person.
I am asexual.

BOJACK: That's great.
So if you're not mad about Emily--

TODD: It wasn't just Emily, BoJack,
and I don't know if I'm ready for us
to be friends again yet.

BOJACK: Oh. Okay.

TODD: But we can be more than not-friends.

BOJACK: You know, for an asexual,
more than not-friends is probably
as good as it gets, right?

TODD: I'm not really at a place yet
where I want to joke about it.

BOJACK: Got it, got it, totally.

TODD: But it feels good to talk about it.

BOJACK: Well, if you ever need a place to crash,
that couch--

TODD: I'm gonna go.

BOJACK: Oh.
Right now?

TODD: Welcome back, BoJack.
It's good to see you.

BOJACK: Uh...
Hmm.
Todd?
BOJACK: Well let me be the first to tell you:
I'm bad news.
I can't offer you parental guidance
or advice or love or support
or prolonged conversation
or interest in you,
or remembering your name.
Great.
Your mother? What do I look like,
Josh Radnor?
Nothing? Nothing for Josh Radnor.
How quickly we forget.
That was quite a time
for our nation, sex-wise...
The point is I banged a lot of women.
One-night stands, two-night stands,
nooners, spooners, hot-air ballooners.
I guess Marcy was kind of
a poking holes in the condom type.
Real nutter. Good lay, though.
I bet she's still in that same apartment
in the Valley. What a dump!
Deal. But can we go in the morning?
It's getting pretty late,
I become a real asshole
if I don't get a solid seven hours
of bed drinking a night.
Wait.
Take this.
Yes, everyone hopes that all the time.
Ugh! What now?
I gotta call all eight? They can't
work out a phone tree? 
If you're gonna be a baby,
stay here for the night.
Take the couch and be quiet.
Don't get on your phone and text
all your friends how sweet my house is.
Turn off all the lights when you're
going to sleep, all of the lights.
Thank you, BoJack.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I can't--

DIANE: Oh, you're-- you're in my--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wait, I'm not really--

DIANE: What if we try...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wait, I'm almost... Oh, no.

DIANE: I don't think it's going to happen.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm sorry,
it's just difficult with all the--

DIANE: Right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The campaign.

DIANE: Exactly.
But it's just another two months, right?
After the election
everything goes back to normal.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, unless I win.

DIANE: Right.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I gotta tell you, I'm having a blast.
I always knew I was probably
good at something,
but I never knew what it was.
Thanks to Katrina, I've finally realized
I'm good at people liking me.

DIANE: That's great, and you know
I'm so happy for you,
but do you have to be
the pro-fracking candidate?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, this is the campaign.
Nothing anyone says
during a campaign matters.
It's just promising a bunch of stuff
to get people to vote for you.
Then when you get an office,
you can do whatever you want.

DIANE: Democracy in action.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mark my words--
the only fracking
that's going to be happening
is in this bedroom.

DIANE: All right, guy.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm gonna drill you deep,
and fill you with a mysterious substance
that scientists still don't quite
understand the ramifications of.

DIANE: This isn't sexy for me-- aaah!
No one said "busy day," Katrina.
What did we say about knocking?
No one else was talking.

TODD: Damn!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wow! Am I John Davidson,
Cathy Lee Crosby
and Fran Tarkenton right now,
because that's--
Yeah! Breakfast!
Am I Emilio Estevez, Molly Ringwald,
Judd Nelson, the principal...
All right!
Don't you forget about me.

DIANE: We were kind of in the middle of--

BOJACK: What the...? Huh?
What's going on down here?
Did you take the foil off?
It's all right, it's not your fault.
Making food is impossible.
Let's get out of here
and take you to your mom's house.
Just leave it.
It'll tire itself out eventually.
It's actually a cute story.
She was the president of my fan club.
Yeah. "Oh, my God, what a monster!"
I slept with someone who loved me
more than anybody else
and dedicated her life to knowing things
about me and caring about me.
How could I be so shallow?
That was the whole story.
She was the president of my fan club,
I had sex with her.
Then I didn't think about her
for 18 years, and here we are.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh!
How many do I have left?
Doctor, no!
"iOvulate"?

BOJACK: Marcy, hey.
Right. Um...
here's a very specific question:
after we had sex,
did you by any chance get pregnant
and put a baby up for adoption?
Wait, really?
Wow.
Wha...? That's so weird.
You must have dialed it wrong.
Yeah, yeah, I was gonna,
but then, you know, 9/11 happened...
And that was just such
a tough time for our country...

DIANE: So the article is just about
a happy marriage with a healthy sex life?
We already have Raquel's piece
about 69 days of sixty-nining.
What about our readers
who aren't having sex with their husbands?
Isn't this just gonna make them feel bad?
Not everyone gets to have
great sex all the time, right?
Ladies?
I don't have an office.
You said offices have corners
and corners are the patriarchy.
Whoa, Stefani, that's not--
Diane, relax! This is not a conversation
between an employee and her superior.
The campaign
has been testing our marriage.
Obviously, it's great to see
Mr. Peanutbutter so excited,
and I am supporting that.
But if I'm being honest,
I can't wait for it to be over
so things can go back to normal.
He's not going to win.
People wouldn't love saying it
if they understood what it actually was.
I can't go against my husband.

BOJACK: Yes.
That actually might have
Kids. What?
What?! No!
Uh... Hollyhock?
Marcy? No way!
Why would they release a romantic drama
called  Autumn in New York
in the middle of summer?
How do you know all this?
This is a summer dress?
I guess I don't know dresses.
So the lesson here is
I was right to never call her.
Wait, so who--
Yes! Father-daughter bathroom time!
Give me a few minutes. I'll distract her,
then you sneak in and grab the book.
Okay.
And what was the first appearance
of the Horse's identical cousin?
Yeah, yeah. That's right.
What was the horse's boss's name?
Oh, my God!
You're not supposed to see this.
Look away!
I didn't think it would take this long.
I usually finish faster.
That's what I needed.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So the studio finished Mars Attacks!
without him.
And since no one ever found a body,
my client Tony Tromboni
has been making movies
under the name Tim Burton ever since.
Oh, fish! We gotta go.
You heard the bracelet.
There's no time for that! Ralph!
I have an egg inside me
that is ripe to be fertilized.
His name is Philbert.
Uh-uh! Philbert Stilton,
and he's going to be sweet and smart
and a phenom on the clarinet,
and one day you'll be driving him home
from band practice
and he's going to all of a sudden
say something so insightful and true
that you'll be positively floored
it came out of the mouth of your son.
But if you don't take me home right now
and impregnate me,
then Philbert will never exist.

BOJACK: You told me to distract her.
So now that we got the list,
we gotta go see all these other women?
Not all of them,
just the ones you didn't see
in the nine months
after you had sex with them.
That's gonna be most of them.
I never understood that show.
What's a Timedium?
That's so stupid.
She time-travels and she's a medium?
I can make this real quick.
Did you give up my secret baby
in the year 2000?
Oh my god is every one of these
gonna be a whole thing?
Nice. You don't want
any little BoJacks floating around.
Last thing this world needs
is more of this garbage.
No, you're great, you seem cool,
but if we could go back in time
and prevent it...
Right?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Go, go! Oh, God!
No, no, no.
Hit the gas! Do it for Philbert!
Oh, fish!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So in conclusion, I don't think California
is the greatest state in the country.
But it can be.
Drill away.
Diane wrote that?

TODD: Damn.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I would.
Uh--
Oh...
Ready when you are, boys!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Look just write us a ticket and let us go.
We don't have time for this! I'm in heat!
Don't tell me to calm down
or call me ma'am!
Just write us a goddamn ticket
so I can go home and mount my boyfriend!

BOJACK: Obviously, I didn't mean you.
You're just gonna keep giving me the silent treatment?
Well, who else is on this list?
Stacy, Fabiana... Tonya Harding?
She is not gonna be happy to see me.
She said sleeping with me
is the worst thing she ever did.
I don't understand
why we're even doing this.
You're never gonna switch bodies
with your mom.
That ship has sailed
and is also impossible.
No.
Jesus. Fine.
No. Hollyhock.
Joke's on you, I already have one!

DIANE: Oh no. No. No, no.
Where's Mr. Peanutbutter?
Aaah! How could you let him do this?
I didn't "call his bluff." I just--
I am being supportive.
It's called Girl Croosh.
And my piece wasn't about
Mr. Peanutbutter, specifically.

TODD: Damn!

DIANE: We're not.

TODD: Damn!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Huh.
Your lawyer, he's good?
Then you know what we have to do?
For Philbert?
Sorry you have to be here for this.

BOJACK: Alone, at last. Thank God.
Fine, fine, fine.
Hi, Fabiana. Before you slam the door--
Did a young horse girl come by here,
about yay high?
You're still mad about your dad's funeral?
That was 18 years ago!
Thank you, Tonya.
I know we've had our differences,
but seeing you always leaves me
weak in the knees.
Hollyhock.
Was that her?
How did you find me?
I went to everyone on that list.
Really haven't aged well, I know.
Oh, yeah, that too.
But I needed to find you.
To tell you I'm sorry,
for being such an asshole
then and also now.
This whole thing was stupid.
I never should have come out here.
Hollyhock, it's okay to want a mom.
I know I just met you,
but if you do have
any of the old Horseman gunk
bouncing around in that brain of yours,
I gotta tell you right now
you should give up on looking for "enough"
because it will never be enough.
Eww!
Stop that.
There, there.
What do your dads say when you cry?
Well, that-- that's good advice, right?
Oh. You don't have to leave right away.
Why don't you just
stay with me a bit longer?
At least until we find your mom.
Oh...
Yeah. But what if I told you
there's a name that isn't on that list?
Someone Marcy never knew about.
I don't know. But you can stay with me
while we try to find her?
Her name was Brown Car... la.
Carla Mercedes Benz... Brown.
You've got a weird name.
Mm-hmm?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, I know. I'm sorry about the trucks,
but you didn't give me much choice.
I know these last few days
have been crazy.
But this is the hard part.

DIANE: I need you to drop out of the race.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What?

DIANE: Please, Mr. Peanutbutter.
This isn't worth it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I hear what you're saying
and I will try to be more conscientious
of your needs.

DIANE: Drop out of the race.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Because your needs are important.

DIANE: I've written another piece
for Girl Croosh.
It's called
"The Case Against Mr. Peanutbutter."
When I hit this button,
the post goes live.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, don't.

DIANE: I don't want to.
And I won't, if you drop out of the race.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Jesus, Diane. You can't do that.

DIANE: Because you're the only one allowed
to make decisions for this family?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No. Because it's gonna come off
as a weird lovers' spat
and it's just going to embarrass everyone.

DIANE: Well, I'm sorry if I embarrass you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, come on.

DIANE: You told me this morning you weren't going to frack,
and now I can't
turn on a faucet in my own home
without getting third-degree burns.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, I get it. So like always,
you're mad at someone,
so your solution is to air
your dirty laundry for everyone to see.

DIANE: No. This is not about us.
I don't want you to be governor
because you would be bad at it,
because you don't stand for anything.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: No!
Hey!
Don't you dare.
Robert Blake gave me that mug.
No! Oh, you...
I don't...

DIANE: Shut up. Take off your shirt.
Frack me, Mr. Peanutbutter!
Frack me!
BOJACK: Yep.
That's right.
I lied!
There's no Carla Mercedes Benzbrown.
I have no idea who your mother is.
I don't want to have a relationship
lying to each other.
I meant everything else I said.
I'll do everything I can
to help find your mom.
To be honest, moms aren't all that great.
In fact, in my experience,
they're soulless succubi
born fully formed from the ass of Satan.
Oh, my mom?
No, you cannot meet my mom
because she's... dead.
Dead mom.
I lied again. My mom's not dead.
That was, like, 15 minutes of lie.
Plus, you don't want to meet my mom.
Oh, this spectacular elder care facility,
she has her own private room
with a nice view,
'round-the-clock medical care,
and plenty of other seniors
to say casually cruel things to
under a passive-aggressive veil
of plausible deniability.
I want to say Whispering Pines.
Whistling Pines?
Something with a W. Winter's Bone?
Fine!
Yes. I promise.
I am not gonna lie to you ever again.
No.
I lied. I lied about the fudgesicle.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh... oh.
That is not good.
Thoughts and prayers.

TODD: Tragedy like this
really puts things in perspective.
Like, what are we doing
sitting in a conference room?
Life is short. We should have
this meeting at a water park.
Whoa! A water park
where people have meetings.
Maybe that's the movie.
I'm Courtney's asexual fake fiancé.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We should probably lose
the movie theater shootout.
What?
I gotta take this.
BoJack?

BOJACK: Hi.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Where have you been?

BOJACK: Listen.
I'm sorry.
I was an awful boyfriend to you.
I was an awful client,
and I was an awful friend.
This last year I spent some time away
and it made me realize
how special the people in my life are.
And you might be
the most special of them all.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wow, BoJack.
I-- I appreciate that.

BOJACK: Anyway, the real reason I'm calling is,
do you remember the name
of that super nice elder care facility
that we both agreed was the best place
for my mom to run out the clock?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, pluck a duck.
It's called Walnut Springs.

BOJACK: Walnut Springs!
I knew there was a W in there. Bye!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

BOJACK: I feel like I didn't strike the right tone
in the last phone call.
I really am sorry,
and the most important thing is,
you know how dedicated I am
to making things right again.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay. Thank you.

BOJACK: Anyway, the real reason I'm calling is,
turns out there's a few Walnut Springses
in the SoCal area.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's the one in Santa Barbara, dummy!

BOJACK: Yeesh! Cranky much? Who died?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: A lotta people!
Sorry, what did I miss?

TODD: I'm just saying,
if people have the right pumped-up kicks,
maybe they can outrun the bullets.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: All this talk of gun violence
is depressing.
Ms. Taken  is a movie about empowerment.
We just have to keep the story
on Courtney,
and not on the depressingly
unstoppable rise
of real-life gun violence in this country,
thoughts and prayers.
Thoughts and prayers.

DIANE: Oh.
Hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Diane!
I got an exclusive for you.
You are going to write a glowing feature
about my client and her new movie.

DIANE: Why would I...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You know Courtney Portnoy.
You probably recall when she soared
as the thorny horticulturist
in  One Sordid Fortnight
With the Short-Skirted Sorceress.

DIANE: Uh...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: How would you enjoy joining Portnoy
for a scorched soy porterhouse pork
four-courser at Koi?

DIANE: Wait, what?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Glorify your source,
but don't make it feel forced, of course,
and try the borscht. Smooches!

DIANE: Hey--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: And that's how you do it, folks.

BOJACK: Uh... twinge of guilt, twinge of guilt,
trying to remember, no.
Definitely not.
You didn't know my mom.
But, Mom...
Oh, uh...
Hi, Mom.
Here we go.
Yes, Mom, I never visit. You got me.
Okay, we're doing this?
She knows.
This is just like when she pretended
not to recognize me
after my shaky choir solo in eighth grade.
I had to get a ride home with the pianist
who liked to tickle a lot more
than just the ivories.
Stop calling me Henrietta!
Nobody here's named Henrietta!
Mom, do you really not know who I am?
Me, famous BoJack?
Oh. Uh, okay.

DIANE: Yeah, you put your pants on
one leg at a time.
Well, right, of course,
why else have trouser-maidens?
Just leave us alone, okay?
First,  konichiwa  is not a compliment,
it's Japanese for hello.
Second of all, I'm not Japanese.
Whoa!
What...
...the...
shit was that?
Why do you even have a gun?
No, I am very anti-gun.
In fact, I think the whole idea of guns
is inherently--
Holy shit, I'm holding a gun.
How long has this been in my hand?
It actually feels kind of nice.
You have your own gun range?
Whoa...

BOJACK: You came out of nowhere.
Thank you, very colorful.
Is that right?
That's not happening.
Seeing my mom
is like a Terrence Malick movie.
Every ten years or so is bearable,
but more than that
and it starts to get annoying.
Well, I guess that's it, then. Bye, Mom!
Come on, Hollyhock,
let's blow this Jell-O stand.
Hollyhock you can do anything
if you believe in yourself.
Why?
Fine.
We'll come back. Happy?
See ya next week.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, are we out of milk?

DIANE: I can pick up some after work.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Great. Also, real quick follow-up,
why are you holding a gun?

DIANE: Oh, my God!
Did I drive all the way home
without realizing I was holding a gun?
No wonder that guy at the gas station
didn't charge me for the Red Vines.
Did I rob a gas station?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Classic Diane shenanigans.
Or as I call them, "Diane-igans."
All right, be safe.

DIANE: Hmm.
Let's get one thing
out of the way right now.
If you're a man,
you're not gonna get it.
Some of you think you get it.
You want to get it.
You listen, nod
and say all the right things
when we tell you our stories.
But you still can't actually know
what it feels like
to constantly have your guard up.
In parking garages,
walking the street, even at work.
I'm tired of trying
to help men understand
how it feels to be a woman.
Starting now,
I'm doing what it takes
to put the power in my own hands.
That's why I own a gun.

BOJACK: Yup, she sure remembers
all the important people.
That's not Crackerjack, that's me.
Thirty seconds
after that picture was taken
you yelled at me
for getting ice cream on my shorts.
Yeah, you want to look pretty
for when Death comes to visit.
Okay. You two enjoy each other.
I'm gonna go see
if I can seduce a lonely dowager
into giving me her night-night pills.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Again with the crazy gunmen.

TODD: Ha! That sounds hilarious!
Imagining that funny movie
you just described.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, what do all these shootings
have in common?
Men! What if we played up
the "Ms." in  Ms. Taken ?
In a world of increasing terror,
our movie tells women
they don't have to be afraid anymore.

TODD: When you put it that way,
it almost sounds like these mass shootings
could be a good thing for the movie.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, no, no, of course not.
They're a terrible tragedy.
And my thoughts and prayers
are with the victims.
But...
anything that makes women feel unsafe
might actually help our box office.

TODD: But you don't want women to feel unsafe.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Of course not!
But if they already do feel unsafe,
there's no reason not to capitalize.
Exactly, we're not making them
feel unsafe.
We're just profiting, albeit indirectly,
from there being more mass shootings.

BOJACK: Ta-da!
It's not a book, it's a DVD case.
We did a special episode about elder care.
Now we're gonna watch it
and learn how to handle this bitch.
I think you can pick that up
through context.
Season two, episode 12.
"I'm Ready For My Close-Up,
Mr. Dementia."
Hey, Ethan, who's your friend?
Here we go, again.
Mom?
Daughter, the bikini model?
Whoa, whoa, Ethan,
this man is our guest!
Uh...
Huh.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You know I hate guns, right?

DIANE: I know.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Although my official stated
political opinion
is I respect the Second Amendment
but I think some gun purchases
should require the barest amount
of background checks.

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter,
you know I hate guns, too.
Or I thought I did. Or I still do, mostly.
But being a gun owner finally makes me
feel as safe walking down the street
as a man gets to feel all the time.
And that's an incredible feeling
I'm not ready to give up yet.
If you can frack under our house,
I should get to have a gun.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right, that's fair.
I'm really proud we've found a way
to keep our personal lives
and our political lives compartmentalized.

DIANE: Me, too.
You have no idea...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yes. I have no idea?

DIANE: Is your bubble of privilege so thick...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's with humans and guns?
You're addicted to these things.

DIANE: And what is it with men
and not wanting women to feel safe?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't--

DIANE: This is a gendered issue...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Excuse me!

DIANE: ...make no mistake.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't think women...

DIANE: You can't sympathize...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: ...running around with guns
makes anybody safer.

DIANE: Yeah. That's the danger.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Excuse me.

DIANE: Not the men
who commit 90 percent of murders,
it's the crazy hysterical women
you gotta worry about!
Yes, yes! Fill my chamber
with your powerful bullets!

BOJACK: 
Because you love that BoJack, right?
Which dumb show? New one or old one?
The old one. That episode got us
into the TV Guide
"Cheers and Jeers" column.
We did not get a "Cheers."
We have to have this conversation now,
on the way to Dad's funeral?
There was so much more
I wanted to say to him.
Something tells me
I'm gonna regret this.
Uh-huh.
Not painful, boring. This place sucks.
If I'm not getting credit
for coming, what's the point?
Yeah, too bad we can't. Or can we?
Put on a live episode
of  Horsin' Around  in the nursing home.
Good thinking, Hollyhock.
We'll do a  Horsin' Around
here at the home.
She'll love it
because it's her son BoJack.
Then after the show,
I'll come out and say hello.
And she'll say, "BoJack? Is that you?"
When her eyes spark with recognition,
I'm gonna sit down next to her,
I'm gonna squeeze her hand
and get real close and say...
"Fuck you, Mom."
I can finally tell her off!
I'm gonna say, "Look at you,
you old piece of shit,
rotting in a nursing home!"
Now I have the power!
Oh, it's gonna be great!
I can't wait to see the look on her face.
Okay, let's do this. Let's put on a show!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey!
Terrible tragedy.
Thoughts and prayers.
We really have to do something
about these men who just go...
A woman mass shooter?
Oh, no, that really is bad news!

DIANE: Look, all I'm saying is
maybe you shouldn't blame women
for wanting guns.
Maybe you should blame
the constant societal messaging
that tells us we are safe only as long
as the men around us allow us to be.
So if you have a problem
with women carrying firearms,
you can roll up your sleeves
and actually work to create a society
where women feel safe and equal,
or you can just ban all guns.
I really thought that was gonna go the other way.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wow, Diane.
You just passed sensible gun legislation.

DIANE: I can't believe this country hates women
more than it loves guns.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No?

BOJACK: You'll be fine.
Just remember to enunciate.
It helps if you imagine
performing for the back row.
Shh! Here they come. Gladys, hit it!
Too bad I could never run for president,
'cause I love waffling!
Olivia, you usually love
my breakfast humor.
Why so glum, sugarplum?
We just started. Let's at least
get through the first act
before we judge ourselves
too harshly, huh?
I wonder if there's a way
to make math fun.
Oh, God.
You think we should
still finish the episode, or...?
Can you recommend another facility?
Okay, who are they?
Do you have their number?
Oh. Uh...
Okay. If she really doesn't have
much time left.
But if we get to this time next year,
she's still hanging on,
you will be getting
a very strongly worded letter, mister.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's a shame. It was a great movie.
Well, I'm very sorry for your loss.

BOJACK: Oh, God.
I keep thinking
about all the things I never said
because I was so sure
there'd be other days to say them.
It's not the same.
I should have done it
back when she knew who I was,
back when it would mean something.
But now, she's gonna die
and she's never gonna know
just how much I hate her.
Yeah? You're not just saying that?
Yeah, but I really wanted
to say it to her face.
You really think so?
BOJACK: Piece of shit.
Stupid piece of shit.
You're a real stupid piece of shit.
But I know I'm a piece of shit.
That makes me better
than all the pieces of shit
who don't know they're pieces of shit.
Or is it worse? Breakfast.
Oh, I don't deserve breakfast. Shut up.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. What does that do?
Get breakfast, you stupid fat-ass.
These are cookies. This is not breakfast.
You are eating cookies. Stop it.
Stop eating cookies,
go make yourself breakfast.
Stop it. Don't eat one more cookie.
Put that down. Do not eat that cookie.
I can't believe you ate that cookie.
For the what?
What baby?
Shit.
I don't want her driving my car,
getting her grubby hands all over.
She's not grubby, she's your daughter,
you piece of garbage.
You're a piece of garbage,
a real shitty piece of garbage.
Uh...
Think, idiot. If she takes the car,
you're trapped here with Mom
and her spooky lazy eyes.
But if you get the milk
and leave Hollyhock with Mom,
she could tell things about you,
poison your daughter against you,
that what you want?
Okay, how about, um... Hold on.
Oh shit they're looking.
Say something dumb-dumb!
Open your idiot dumbass mouth!
I will get milk.
Milk, milk.
What are they talking about now?
Probably you and what a dumb piece
of trash you are, you fat sack of idiot.
Why not do the world a favor
and swerve into oncoming traffic?
No, you don't deserve to die young,
only the greats die young.
Oh, now you think you're young
all of a sudden?
One drink.
Whoa. Is it night suddenly?
Suddenly sundown.
Suddenly "Sooze-town."
What was that show?
"Suddenly Sooze-town?"
Brooke Shields... something?
Show was on for five years and now
nobody-- Oh, my God, is that life?
You're there, you do your thing,
and then people forget.
"Forget it, Jake. It's Sooze-town."
Is that me?
Am I the Suddenly Sooze-town of people?
Shit.
Oh, shit. You gotta drive.
Sober up, buddy.
Here we go, sober... now!
Sober, now!
Come on, you drunk piece of shit,
be less drunk.
Now! Okay.
Idiot. What'd you do all day?
Piece of shit.
That's a day you'll never get back.
What was that? You're a real piece of--
Uh...
Uh...
Stupid piece of shit.
Oh, God. 
Well, it's about time someone
pulls their weight around here.
Okay, that's enough from you.
Is my house
on a slant or something?
I'm gonna go.
Great pitch, love your energy.
It's a pass.
What are you doing?
Go home.
You're parked on Mulholland doing nothing,
you could be eating breakfast
with your long-lost daughter
and dying mother.
You are a terrible person.
He gets it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I know,
I wanted to tell you right away.
Oh, I gotta go. See you tonight.
If it isn't my favorite client,
Courtney Portnoy,
and also another client, Todd.

TODD: It's always nice to be included
in a sentence someone says.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So bad news first:  Ms. Taken
was a miserable failure.
But Courtney, more importantly,
audiences are going to adore
your tour de force performance
as the forceful denim-clad court reporter
in The Court Reporter Sported Jorts,
the jet-setting jort-sporting
court reporter story.
No! Courtney! Before you fire me--
Oh, good. Yeah, agents are replaceable.
A manager is forever.
That's the takeaway here.
Love her already. Who is she?
Yes, he, he, ha, ha.
Now tell me her name.
Oh, fish.

TODD: Whoa!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Today? That's today!
You're right.

TODD: Being engaged is one thing,
but I'm not sure
I want to actually get married.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We can draw up a standard
Hollywoo sham-marriage contract:
three years, non-exclusive, huge payday.

TODD: Oh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay.

BOJACK: Idiot. Stupid animal. Oaf.
Who are you talking to?
Baby?
Mom is "totes" into a baby?
Is it possible the baby
got dipped in brandy at some point?
Or cigarettes, or regressive ideas
about immigrants?
You shouldn't indulge her delusions.
It's not right.
It was getting depressing to look at her.
That's why I made her this pillowcase.
You just put this over her head
and everything is fine.

TODD: Oh, I actually have a big announcement.
I'm marrying Courtney Portnoy
this weekend.
I know it's pretty wild for an asexual
to get married, but...
Really?
Why nautical?
Is that, like, an asexual thing?
But involving boats?
So, it's not weird
for an ace to get married?
I will! I mean, I am. I mean, am I?

BOJACK: You stupid garbage fire.
Everything sucks.
Yeah, making breakfast
at three in the afternoon. So with it.
Don't say that.
Lousy baby.
What did it ever do that was so great?
Am I jealous of a doll?
Maybe if that doll wasn't so smug,
looking at me with its creepy doll eyes...
She's tricking you, Hollyhock.
This is not what she's really like.
She's right.
Wrong. She's in there.
She knows exactly what she's doing.
Where was that keen parenting insight
50 years ago?
I'm unfit?
It's true, jackass.
You think it's so hard
to be a parent to a doll? I could do that.
Hey, look, I'm cradling the baby.
Hope I don't drop it!
Oh, no! I dropped it, but it's not crying.
Guess it's okay. I'm an amazing parent.
What if I left it in its room all day
and didn't feed it or change it?
Oh, that's okay, too.
I must be mother of the year!
I know! What if for 18 years straight
I just tell it how worthless it is
every day, how it embarrasses me,
how my life would be better
if it was never born?
Would that be a good idea?
Probably, right?
Oh, so you  do  know who I am.
Hey, you think the baby would be okay
if I threw it over the side of my deck?
Probably, right?
Do it.
Nah, I'm just kidding around.
Here you go, Mom.
Oh, no! My hands are so slippery!
Oh, no! Oh, oh, oh!
Nice arm.
You goddamn piece of shit idiot asshole.
This is what you do.
This is what you always do.
This is why Mom loves Doll more than you.
She's right. Doll never hurt anybody.
Doll wouldn't throw you
over the side of a mountain.
Gotta make things right.
Gotta get Doll back.
Okay, one drink. And then, Doll back.
You screw-up.
You're making your daughter hate you.
Which is good, because look what happens
when people love you.
Look at Penny. And Herb. And Sarah Lynn.
It's because you made them love you,
BoJack.
You gotta fix this, dummy.
How can you fix this?
Princess Carolyn?
She hates your guts.
Todd? No.
Diane? Yes! Oh, good.
Good old responsible Diane,
she'll know what to do.
Oh... aah...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh.
"California can't wait."
Am I Ace of Base right now?
Because all that I want
is another one of these babies.
BoJack Horseman?
What is this, a will.i.am-style
celebrity endorsement video?

BOJACK: Where's Diane?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, she's on the roof.
Boy, will she be surprised
to see you. Diane!

BOJACK: What are you doing?
No, not like this.
She doesn't know I'm here.
First time she sees me
can't be drunk asking for help.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's wrong? You need help?

BOJACK: Idiot. Idiot. Idiot.
You gotta get me outta here.
Where did I park?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Um...

BOJACK: Beep. Beep, beep?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You shouldn't be driving right now.
Why don't I make like Eddie Money
and take you home tonight?

BOJACK: No, I can't go home. Not without Doll.
Also, Eddie Money doesn't do
the taking home in "Take Me Home Tonight,"
so if you're taking me home,
then I would be Eddie Money.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay, something's going on with you.
It's not like you to be so testy.

BOJACK: Yes, it is.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Everyone, take the rest of the day off.
My pal BoJack needs a friend day.
California can wait!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Elton, you have to play this wedding.
You're gonna do a duet
with a hologram of Nat King Cole.
Or, if that's cost-prohibitive,
Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes.
Great.
We are killing this.
You cannot just walk into a room and say,
"I have terrible news about Meryl Streep."
We're toast.
Hmm... what if we put together
a project so enticing
she couldn't help but climb aboard?
One more gig...
But what could we possibly offer her
that she hasn't already done?
Direct.
Yeah.
But the dream of any director
is to work with Meryl Streep.
You think Meryl wants to direct
a bunch of actors who aren't Meryl Streep?
Okay, all right. Okay, fine.
Let's take this to the Streep.

BOJACK: Welcome...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, hey!

BOJACK: ...to the nightmare, non-sexy version of
Three's Company  that my life has become.
For your information, we are on the case.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Just need a whiff of your mom
to track the scent.
Uh, excuse me, young lady,
I'm looking for a Beatrice,
but you're way too young and attractive
to be that mean old crone.

BOJACK: What are you doing?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay, I'm picking up
on some fruity overtones.
Oak, desert sage... 
No, I'm just kidding around.
It's smelling humor.

BOJACK: Is this the best time
to be workshopping your tight five?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay, got it.
Ooh, this way?
No! No, no. That way!
Out the door! Come on! Here we go!

BOJACK: Look at him. Not a care
in the world. How does he do it?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: This is the place.

BOJACK: Oh, hi, I'm--
Felicity Huffman?
Yes!
Yes.

DIANE: Yeah, but it kind of works.
I'm sorry,
I feel like we always talk about me.
What's going on with you, Roxie?

TODD: Okay.
Hey, Diane, can I get your advice
on something?

DIANE: Yeah, of course. I'm not doing anything.

TODD: So, I have this friend,
and his name
is Darnarius McQuimberton.

DIANE: Oh, yeah,
I think I read an article about him
in Real, Not Made-Up, Person Magazine.

TODD: Darnarius is supposed to get married
this weekend.
And it's going to be an amazing wedding,
but it's kind of based on a lie.
Should he go through with it?

DIANE: Well, all weddings are lies, right?
Sort of.
You're making this big declaration
about how you're gonna stay
with this person forever,
but you don't actually know that.
You're just saying it.
The whole thing is a farce.

TODD: Yeah, that's true.

DIANE: But it's a lie based on truth.
Like, at the center of the farce
there's this nugget
of something real and pure.
And that strange beautiful something
is why you put up
with everything else, right?

TODD: I guess so.

DUANE: And sometimes it's hard to remember
that pure, shining thing
because it's been painted over
with so many arguments
and compromises and disappointments.
But you have to believe
it's still down there somewhere,
even if you can't see it.
And maybe even the belief in it
is more important than the thing itself,
but only as long as you still believe it.
Does that make sense?

TODD: Yeah. Thanks, Diane.
You've given me
and Darquimbertus McNarington
a lot to think about.

DIANE: That was good advice.
I'm, like, a really good friend.

BOJACK: Okay.
So that doll actually belongs to my mom.
She's very sick, very frail.
And I know you're really mad at me
because...
Think, shit-for-brains, think.
Why is Felicity Huffman mad at you?
You cut her off in traffic,
got her fired off a project,
talked shit about her at an AIDS benefit
and didn't realize your mic was on.
Oh.
I assume your maid
or gardener or something?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Citizens, citizens.
As the future governor of California,
I pride myself on probably being able
to reach compromises
across the ideological spectrum.
Oh! What if we cut the baby in half?

BOJACK: What?
No.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So you both agree that's a bad idea.
Perhaps you're not so different after all?
Advantage: Peanutbutter.

BOJACK: How is that...?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Felicity Huffman, you are a beloved star
of film and television.
BoJack, you have also
appeared in film and television.
What's that like? Discuss.

BOJACK: I'm sorry for my acquaintance.
I'm actually a big fan.
God I hope
she has no follow-up questions.
What?
Yup, love it.
Ugh, TV? No.
I just got out of that sinkhole.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: He'll do it, if you give us our doll back.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What's your status, private?
And the offer?
Yeah, I know what
"packaging talent" means.
All right! Yes!

BOJACK: What if I kill myself by throwing myself
off my deck
into Felicity Huffman's backyard.
If she found my dead body,
that'd show her.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Why are we at a bar?

BOJACK: We're just celebrating getting Doll back.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You don't want to bring the doll back
to your mom?

BOJACK: I will. We're just having a drink first.
Relax.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.

BOJACK: He knows you're terrible.
He's the biggest idiot in the world,
even he knows you're terrible.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So when did you get a daughter?
She's new, right?
Or was she always part of the gang?

BOJACK: I met her about a month ago.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa!

BOJACK: Yeah. And it was great, at first.
But now I can feel her getting attached,
and I just know
I'm gonna BoJack things up.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: "BoJack things up?"
You mean, show up somewhere
and be the life of the party?
Then share a laugh
with your good friend, Mr. Peanutbutter?

BOJACK: No, obviously I meant screw everything up
until she hates me.
I don't think I can take that.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Maybe this time, don't do the thing
that makes her hate you.

BOJACK: I don't want to,
but every time she looks at me
with those big innocent eyes,
all I can think about
is every shitty thing I've ever done,
and I think,
"I don't deserve that kind of love."

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Look, BoJack, I don't know a lot
about balancing a state budget
or how a bill becomes a law.

BOJACK: Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't know a lot about a lot of things.
But I do know this:
everybody deserves to be loved.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Rutabaga...
Todd! Have you finished
your groomsmen list?
We gotta figure out
how many parachutes we need.

TODD: Uh, guys, I-- I can't marry Courtney.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

TODD: I've been doing some thinking,
and marriage is like a Tootsie Pop.
The lollipop part is a lie,
but at the center of the lie
there's a truth.
That's the Tootsie Roll,
and that's why people get married.
But if I married Courtney
it would be a lie without any truth in it,
like a Tootsie Pop
with just the lollipop part
and nothing in the middle.
I guess it's a bad analogy.
But I don't want a fake marriage.
I'm sorry I didn't realize that before.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, Todd.
You gotta do what's right for you.

TODD: Thanks, Princess Carolyn.
Whoa--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: All right, blue sky time. Wedding's off.
Can we spin this somehow?
Courtney got jilted,
play the sympathy card?
That's your solution?
What happened to the guy
from this morning with all the big ideas?
Well, can't you tuck the kids into bed,
read them some script coverage
of the film adaptation of  Good Night Moon
and then come back?
This is important.
Fine, both things are equally important.
What kind of ways?
He's a jerk, right? It's not just me?
You don't think I'm like that?
You're not just saying that?
Good night, Judah.

BOJACK: Okay. You're welcome.
Go talk to her, idiot.
Drink first. No, you stupid alcoholic.
Talk to your daughter. You're ruining her.
You know that, right?
No matter what,
your poison is already in her.
There's nothing you can do.
That's not true.
Yeah, it is, you stupid piece of shit.
You're a real stupid piece of shit,
and everywhere you go you destroy people.
Your mother never loved you.
That's why Sarah Lynn died,
Charlotte'll never forgive you.
What you gonna do to Hollyhock?
What you gonna do, asshole? Shut up!
Got Doll back. No big deal.
Just drive around.
Sometimes I go to a bar.
Sometimes I pull over
by the side of the road,
just sit there for hours.
Hollyhock...
No, Hollyhock, I'm glad you're here.
If I'm shitty,
that's just because I'm shitty.
And you're allowed to be mad at me,
but you need to know that whatever I do,
it's not your fault.
I know what you mean.
Yeah?
Yeah.
BOJACK: Whew.

DIANE: BoJack?

BOJACK: I'm back in L.A.
I should have called you--

DIANE: Yeah. You should have.

BOJACK: I said I was sorry.

DIANE: No, you didn't.
Okay. Good to hear from you, BoJack.

BOJACK: No--

DIANE: Ugh.

BOJACK: What the...?
What's going on here?
All right, I'm just gonna--
Uh...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: BoJack!
I love your ironic take
on black-tie attire.
It really says,
"I truly don't care what you think of me."
Ah, sorry about that.
Gotta raise those funds.

BOJACK: Can't I just--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thanks for your support, buddy.
Means so much. Erica!

BOJACK: Hey--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Look at you,
with the right number of ears!

BOJACK: Look, I just--

DIANE: Hmm...!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh.
Hey, do you have another bathroom?
They're all occupied, and I gotta pee.
Not because I'm pregnant or anything.
Because if I were pregnant, it would be
bad luck to tell you this early.
Presuming it was early.
But I'm not pregnant.
This is just a normal,
non-pregnant gal type of having to pee.

DIANE: There's a bathroom in the pool house.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: You're a lifesaver.
Pardon me! Out of my way.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uh-oh. Am I in Ithaca?
Because you are looking
"gorges" this evening.

DIANE: Well, I must be in Nazi Germany,
because you're "not so" bad yourself.
I'm sorry, yours was better.

BOJACK: Hi.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa.
Well, I should go.
Looks like the work wife/ex-wife
is talking to my other ex-wife.

BOJACK: You have two ex-wives here?

DIANE: Katrina's his campaign manager.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And Jessica Biel loves
getting photographed at fancy fundraisers.
If it isn't my two favorite ladies,
in the same room! This is great.

BOJACK: Hey.

DIANE: BoJack, I'm busy.

BOJACK: You haven't seen me for a year and a half.

DIANE: Yeah, because you disapp--
No, I am not doing this now.
Why don't you get yourself a drink?

BOJACK: I will get a drink.
I will get $20,000 worth of drinks.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Everyone? Thank you all for being here.
We're gonna beat that scoundrel
Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz...
...and bring likability back to politics.
I especially want to thank my pro-fracking
pals for being here tonight.
You know, my wife said, "Don't frack,"
but we did it anyway,
and it all worked out.
Love you, sweetie.

DIANE: Mm-hmm.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Finally-- oh!
Sorry about that, folks.
I sensed an earthquake.
Must have been a false--
Oh, hey now!
Nope, I was definitely wrong.
Listen to me,
I'm the dog who cried earthquake.

BOJACK: Oh, my God. Oh, my God.

DIANE: I regret  everything!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Whoa!
Okay. Everyone, remain calm!
No one's going to light anyone on fire.
For one thing,
that'd eat up a lot of oxygen
and who knows
how much we have down here.
You okay, sweetie?

DIANE: I think so.
That was really scary.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah.
At least we know no one
is specifically at fault.
Well, except for San Andreas.

DIANE: This was because you fracked
under our house.
I told you fracking was dangerous,
and you didn't listen.
And now our house is ruined
and we're trapped underground,
and we're all going to die!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Is this one of our sexy fights?

DIANE: No!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hmm.

DIANE: Oh, you gotta be kidding me.

BOJACK: You can be mad at me or get drunk
with me, but you can't do both.

DIANE: Watch me.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, what the shit?
Oh, fish.

TODD: Uh... hello?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What are you doing in there?

TODD: Uh, I live here.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Didn't you know
there was a huge party going on?

TODD: I was going to go to the party
after my bath,
but then I realized
the bath was the party.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, God.
Well, I'm not waiting around
to be rescued like some chump.
Come on, let's go.

TODD: Whoa...!
We gotta go in there?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, I don't see any other way.
Sometimes life is like the second season
of Friday Night Lights --
you gotta push through
and hope there's better stuff ahead.

TODD: Aw-ww!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Guys, let's all try to just stay cool
and make the best of things, huh?
So that's a re-up on the idiot part?
This is true.
But most of us are important celebrities,
so someone will come for us soon.
And for you regulars,
I'm sure they'll bring you up with us!
We're actors! I say we put on a show.
Who's with me?
Sure you'll be the star,
and you'll be the star!
And you'll be the star!
We'll all be the star!
Folks, I promise you
we will be out of here in no time.
Thank you, Phoebe, for that rousing
Tale from the Above Ground.  Who's next?
It's only been 72 hours.
Come on, party people, keep it together.
Let's not forget why we're here--
to raise money for my campaign,
and more recently, to not go crazy
and murder each other.
You're killing me, Zach.
Yeah. You're right. I've totally got this.
What in the world?
Oh, thank God. A leader.

BOJACK: Sh.

DIANE: What's going on down here?
Anyone's looking for us?
We're cool. Just being cool, don't worry.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, have you just been getting drunk
with BoJack this whole time?

DIANE: What? I'm still mad at you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, that's what I've been saying!
Oh, yeah!

DIANE: Is that what a woodchuck is?
Why did I think it was like a beaver?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What's it like out there, Woodchuck?
Whole neighborhood totaled?
Is the city in chaos?

DIANE: Oh! Interesting!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ay-yi-yi.
Three cheers for Woodchuck!
Let's cheer one more time, just for fun!
Four cheers. Why not? Hip, hip...
So turns out three cheers was probably
an adequate number of cheers.

TODD: What was that?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Just keep walking.
God, I can't wait to get home.

TODD: I don't even have a home anymore.
Oh, man, where am I going to keep all
my different colored hats I never wear?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, if you need another couch
to crash on, there's always my place.

TODD: Didn't you move in with Ralph?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, but I kept the old apartment.
Just in case, I guess.

TODD: In case of what?
What was that?
Whoa!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh!
Now, ladies, just calm down.
We can talk about this.

TODD: What are we gonna do, Princess Carolyn?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's just my name. I'm a manager.

TODD: It's like an agent.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's totally different.

TODD: Is it, though?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm-hmm.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Well, I can dig!
For you, a banana
because you're so appealing.
And for you, a radish. Enjoy.
I don't think so.
I'm food captain, and I am loving it.
Woodchuck.

BOJACK: I'm a horse. I need more food,
and I'm a celebrity.
Not the caterers.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Actually, Woodchuck, this is my house
and BoJack can eat whatever he wants.
Yeah, who made you leader
of underground?

BOJACK: I'm just gonna take all this and...
Weird stuff going on downstairs.
Humph.

DIANE: I can't believe this is my life.

BOJACK: Uh-oh.
Too much sad booze for you.
Where's the happy booze?

DIANE: I'm trapped underground
and it's all my husband's fault
and I'm gonna die in this mansion
in a mass grave with his ex-wives.

BOJACK: Okay. But on the bright side--
Look, Mr. Peanutbutter loves you,
you got a cool job, you got friends.

DIANE: Jesus, you're right.
Even when I was above ground,
I wasn't satisfied.
Oh, my God. I'm the problem!

BOJACK: Whoa!
What the...?

DIANE: Why can't I be happy? Am I busted?

BOJACK: No. It...

DIANE: I am! I'm a pit.
I'm a pit that good things fall into!

BOJACK: Diane, you're not a pit.

DIANE: I'm a pit!
I can't believe I'm crying.
This is so dumb.

BOJACK: It's okay.
Don't feel bad about feeling bad.

DIANE: You disappeared for a year and a half.

BOJACK: So you do want to talk about it.
Just took four solid days of drinking.

DIANE: If you were back in L.A.,
why didn't you call me?

BOJACK: I wasn't... ready.

DIANE: Ready? For what?

BOJACK: I wanted to be better
when you saw me again.
And I thought I could be, somehow.
But I'm not.
And even if I did get better,
the best I could ever be
is still just some other version of me.

DIANE: BoJack, I can't wait for you to be better.
I need you in my life.

BOJACK: Really?

DIANE: You're the biggest asshole I know,
and you're the only thing
that makes sense to me.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: People should be able to have
some control over their lives down here.
And I'm the good guy,
so that's two points for me.
Well, maybe there should be points.
People seem to like my points idea.
That's another point for me.
Asking for points is conceited.
That's more points for me.
Folks, Woodchuck's political philosophy
is as broken as his hands.
Maybe it's time an outsider took control.
An outsider like me,
the guy whose house this is.
Me!
Me!

DIANE: BoJack. BoJack.
BoJack.

BOJACK: What?

DIANE: Did you know I can juggle?

BOJACK: Cool.

DIANE: Are you okay?
I mean, outside of our current situation
of being buried alive
and almost out of alcohol
except for cooking sherry and Midori?

BOJACK: It's just been a rough couple years
with Sarah Lynn dying and Herb.

DIANE: And Corduroy?

BOJACK: Cordu-what now?

DIANE: Corduroy? Jackson-Jackson?
Died of autoerotic "asphyx-ization"?

BOJACK: Oh, yeah, him too. And now I got this...
girl in my house, this... daughter-type.

DIANE: You got daughter? Ruh-roh.

BOJACK: Yeah, I got daughter, "ruh-roh."
Supposed to help her figure out
who her mother is.
But I don't know where to start.

DIANE: Did she try sending mutual consent form
to the adoption agency?

BOJACK: What, what words?

DIANE: Well, if it's closed adoption,
you send a mutual consent form.
Basically says, "I wanna be open now!"
If Mom says same thing,
boom-bah-boo! Smo-pen Sesame!

BOJACK: How do you know about that?

DIANE: I had an adopted brother.
And also for a while,
I hoped I was adopted.
Ugh!

BOJACK: Huh.

TODD: Whoa!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ooh!
My name is Princess Carolyn.
I represent the soldiers
of Subcolony K-147,
who feel they're doing all the work
while reaping none of the spoils.
I had this same conversation
with Jeffrey Katzenberg.
Believe me, this doesn't end well
for you.
They want to have sex with your drones.
Mm-hmm.

TODD: Uh, If we're gonna be down here a while,
can I get a new towel?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Thank you!
All right, guys, all right. Calm down.
We don't need to "get him."
Let's just tie him up someplace
where he can't hurt us anymore
with his dangerous ideas.
Thank you, thank you all.
As my first act as President-for-life,
I declare that everyone
is allowed to eat and drink
whatever they want!
Let's listen to the guy
who's saying don't kill me.
He's got some interesting ideas.
Oh, my God.
Jessica, no.
No.
No! No! Please!
Listen to reason... this time!

BOJACK: Ah-hh!
I think that's all of it.

DIANE: I can't go back to my old life sober.
It's so empty.

BOJACK: Okay, okay.
Here's the secret to being happy.

DIANE: Oh, I can't wait to hear this.

BOJACK: Just pretend you are happy, and eventually
you'll forget you're pretending.

DIANE: Maybe you're right.
I just need to stop complaining
and work harder.
Everyone else is doing it.
Why am I so special?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Please! Diane, my sweet wife.

DIANE: What's going on?

BOJACK: Marvin Gaye.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: The People of Underground
have a new god, the fire.
And for my crimes
I will be fed to its ravenous flames.
My only hope is the meat
of Zach Braff proves lasting,
but I fear by daybreak,
there will be no Braff meat left.

DIANE: What's going on?

BOJACK: Four Non-Blondes.

DIANE: No!

BOJACK: Easy on the merchandise!

DIANE: Get off me!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, it's been a tough week,
lots of back and forth,
but I think we've reached an agreement
that meets everybody's needs.
My clients are satisfied with those terms.

TODD: Great. Now can we please return
to the surface world?
All my favorite clouds are up there.
We were at this big
Beverly Hills fundraiser.
There was an earthquake,
and now everyone's trapped underground.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey! Hold on.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Uhh..

DIANE: We gotta do something.
Mr. Peanutbutter's the only non-shitty
thing that's ever happened to me
and now they're gonna set him on fire.

BOJACK: Okay. What would non-hungover Diane do?
She's smart.

DIANE: I don't know. I need water.

BOJACK: "Choodwuck" is right.

DIANE: Wait, isn't there water, under the ground?
Like, a well?

BOJACK: Yeah! And we're underground.

DIANE: If we dig, we'll get water!

BOJACK: Quiet, sky rodent! To the shovels!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yes, if I could just say,
"Don't light me on fire"?

DIANE: Water!

BOJACK: Clear gold!
H-2-Oh, boy, we hit the freaking jackpot!

DIANE: Which is great!

BOJACK: H-2-Oh, no!
Well, I guess this is it.

DIANE: How is this happening?

TODD: Okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.

DIANE: Hi.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hi.

DIANE: You're the best thing
that ever happened to me.
I don't tell you that enough.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's okay.

DIANE: If this governor thing
is really important to you...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's not. You saw me in there.
I'm a terrible leader.
I don't want to be governor.
I just wanted people to like me.

DIANE: Well, I like you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Come on, Diane, let's go home...
oh, right.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, thanks for inviting me
to your party.
I had a wonderful time.
Evening really flew by.

DIANE: Sure.

BOJACK: You guys hungry?

TODD: I could eat.

BOJACK: Ethiopian?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ooh, haven't done Ethiopian in a while.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I should go home.
I haven't seen my boyfriend in ten days.
He's probably worried about me.

TODD: I'm down for Ethiopian.
I love that sponge bread.

BOJACK: Yeah what do they call it, "injera"?

DIANE: Yeah, injera.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Injera, right.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: That's right.

BOJACK: Yeah, that's good bread.

BOJACK: Yeah.
You know what is fun? You coming with me
to my first day on my new show.
"BoJack Horseman
in  F.H.B.A. Los Angeles,
starring BoJack Horseman
as 'the Judge.'"
I think it's one of those shows
about Navy sex crimes that have gone cold?
And there may be numbers or something?
Then, they call "the Judge."
Totally. Look at this guy,
texting in the middle of the intersection.
You have been judged
to be a shitty driver.
I'm the Judge.
I sentence you to kiss my ass.
Boom!
You got "judged."
It feels good
to be a dramatic actor again.
To make someone laugh
is a craft, to be sure,
but to make someone cry, on purpose,
that is a precious gift.
Actually, that's so his job of him.
Hey, PA, whose name I already forgot.
Still not interested. Can you take
my daughter to "video village"?
I wanna make sure she sees me
at my most awesome,
which is with a slightly high angle
to avoid appearance of a double chin.
Note to director.
Um... what's all this then?
No, I'm good.
Remind me what this show is?
I mean I know, remind me?
So are we judging who has the best booty?
So if it's not about their butts,
then why is the other judge Sir Mix-A-Lot?
Yeah, I guess that would be the one thing.
Well, I gotta shoot
for, like, ten more hours.
Apparently, it takes three hours to set up
the "badonka-donka-dobstacle course."
Shouldn't you be
"Sir Minding-Your-Own-Business-A-Lot"?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Because it's the holiest of all cheeses?
Thanks.
I'm sure I'm going to love them.
And they're gonna love me.
I'm Princess Carolyn!
Of course. But what about her?
Whoa.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Katrina!
Just the person I wanted to talk to!
Marvelous!
Room service, tiny ketchup bottles,
handy list of cable channels.
Now I know why so many people
like being homeless.

DIANE: Mr. Peanutbutter, that's not--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: On the phone, darling.
Nothing comes to mind.
I'm dropping out of the race.
Woodchuck's a better leader
than I'll ever be.
What is it about then?
Well, hopefully those evil lobbyists
can find some other puppet
to do their bidding.

DIANE: Why would you hope that?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm done running for governor,
so you're fired.
No hard feelings, right?

DIANE: Bye, Cruella!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Nice to meet you.
Hello.
It's so wonderful to meet you all!
Oh. No, thank you.
That's all right.
I shouldn't.
No.
Not tonight.
I don't smoke.
No, I don't want to.
I so appreciate that,
and I hate to be rude,
but I really don't think it's a good idea.
Oh, I know.
I grew up around rich people.
But I'm actually good,
as far as belly-punchings go.
Oh.
Okay, look, the truth is--
Yes!
Wow, golf. Fore! Am I right?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Californians, this is an endorsement!
My message is simple.
If you want to vote Peanutbutter,
vote Coodchuck-Berkowitz
because a vote for Coodchuck-Berkowitz
is a vote for Peanutbutter.
Since Peanutbutter
likes Coodchuck-Berkowitz.
So if you like Coodchuck-Berkowitz,
vote like Mr. Peanutbutter...
...for Woodchuck Coodchuck-Berkowitz.
Yes.
By voting for Woodchuck.
They sure made a monkey out of you, huh?
I feel that went pretty well.
You were gonna say "hands," weren't you?
So, what's next for us two amigos?
Wha-wha-wha-what?
So this chapter of my life is over?
Doggy, doggy. What now?

BOJACK: Hey, Mom.
You got something in the mail.
You know what? I'll check.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, where have you been?
Hold up.
Did you and that PA hook up last night?
Oh, boy. Okay. Sit down.
Hollyhock, you are never gonna hear
from that guy again.
Oh, wow, I didn't realize.
Should we plan the wedding for you
and teenage-boy-you-slept-with
who-said-he-would-definitely-text-you"?
Believe me, I take no pleasure
in telling you this,
but that kid is never, ever, ever--
Hollyhock, it is very rude to interrupt.
Now, where was I?
Right. You'll never  ever
hear from this guy again.
Ba-ba-ba!
In fact, if he texts you,
I will do a hundred pushups.
That's how sure I am,
since there is no possible way--
Not inside enough.
I figured it out and it's dumb.
Nope, can't. Impossible.
Anyone who says
they did a pushup is lying.
Oh. Well, you wanna
have breakfast first?
I got a box of crullers,
of which one remains.
Okay.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We have gathered in Todd's new apartment
to discuss the future of PB Livin'.
That was a pretense
to get you to show up.
It was Todd's idea.
What else you got, Todd?

TODD: Well, I got this one thing.
I don't know. It might be pretty dumb.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You bite your tongue.
Well, in that case, I guess I must have
"terrible" business instincts.
Because I wanna hear it.
They say "the devil's in the details,"
so let's summon the devil!

TODD: Okay, so you know how hard it is
to get your kids to go to the dentist?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I don't.

TODD: But what if dentists
had a friendlier face?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ooh!

TODD: What if you could take your kids
to a dentist's office
where all the dentists were clowns?
Kids love clowns!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Do kids love clowns?

TODD: Don't they?
Who else would clowns be for?
Because adults don't love clowns.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That is true.
Adults find clowns creepy and off-putting.

TODD: So kids must love clowns,
because otherwise,
why would there be clowns?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That is sound logic. Okay.
I want these clown dentists
laughing maniacally
as they drill into the teeth
of America's children, starting yesterday!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Are they? Hm.
That would have been helpful information
before I committed.
But my word is my bond
and I already said yes, didn't I?
Okay, so do we find dentists
and train them to be clowns,
or do we get clowns
and train them to be dentists?

TODD: Why don't we get clowns and dentists
and they can train each other?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh, somebody call the police department,
because you are  on fire!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's been so wonderful getting
to know you all these last few days.
Cat ears?
Okay, that's actually a stereotype.
Cats do take baths.
I really wish you'd told me
your family's holiday was so anti-cat.

BOJACK: Hello, Hollyhock.
Oh, come on. Wait there.
There's a spare bulb in the kitchen.
I've been sitting in that chair
for five hours waiting to do this.
Agh, damn it! Son-of-a--! What?
Hello, Hollyhock.
I'm trying to keep you out of trouble
with a showman's flair for the dramatic.
You don't tell me when
you're home late.
This is my house.
You need to ask permission.
I'm just looking out for you.
You spent the last four days
with this kid, I'm worried--
Yeah, now. But come on, Hollyhock.
He's a teenage boy
whose job is to be around hot women
in skimpy outfits all day.
You think he's gonna want--
No, I just mean that...
Well, you're the one
who said you were a blob.
No.
You said "blob."
I just-- 
I just think L.A. is a superficial town
and you need to be careful.
Hollyhock, wait. Wait. Wait!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why didn't you tell me they hate cats?
Now I get why you didn't want
to tell your family about the baby.
And what are me and Philbert?

BOJACK: Can't believe she's still pissed at me.

DIANE: You shouldn't have called her a "blob."

BOJACK: I'm a blob too! We're both blobs!

DIANE: How about just as a general rule,
don't ever call a woman a blob?

BOJACK: Never! What if I meet a woman
whose name is Barbara Lob?
And I call her "B" for short. "B. Lob."

DIANE: Maybe instead of figuring out
the woman blob workaround,
you should just tell Hollyhock
you're sorry.

BOJACK: I still think Miles is up to something.

DIANE: Why is it so hard for you to believe
someone could genuinely
like your daughter?

BOJACK: Because she's like me!

DIANE: Okay. Do you think maybe this could be
more about you than it is about her?

BOJACK: Yes, obviously, I have a lot of work
to do on myself. Everyone knows that.
But the important thing right now
is how I can fix things with Hollyhock.
Try to stay on topic, Diane.

DIANE: Well, an open conversation
about your concerns with--

BOJACK: No, that's too Diane-y.
She'd never buy it was coming from me.

DIANE: Then why do you want my advice?

BOJACK: I got it. If I can somehow prove to her
what a jerk Miles is,
then she'll have to like me more
by default.
That's the BoJack way.

DIANE: BoJack, no--!
Oh-- oh...
Ooh, that's... that's nice.

BOJACK: Goldie, how would you like
to advance to the final round?
You had sex with him?
I just said "seduce" the PA.
No, I just wanted you to,
like, get him all hot and bothered.
And ready to sleep with you.
Then once you get him on audiotape
saying that he would sleep with you...
...come up with some excuse to get
out of there with virtue intact.
Okay, well, the important thing is,
we got him now.
Tell Miles what you told me.
What? Not him?
Not sleep with.
I said "seduce." There is a distinction.
This was all a big misunderstanding.
So it is about judging booties.
Miles.
I'm sorry.
What do you mean?
Oh, wow.

DIANE: So you were right. He was a dirtbag.

BOJACK: Yeah. I was kinda hoping
I was wrong for once.

DIANE: If it makes you feel any better,
you were wrong
about all the other parts of this.

BOJACK: Diane, you are so bad
at making people feel better.

DIANE: Are you gonna tell Hollyhock?

BOJACK: She's a smart girl.
She'll figure it out eventually.
But for now, if she believes someone
can love her for who she really is,
then why would I take that
away from her?

DIANE: BoJack, you gotta get
one of these massages.
Oh-hh!

BOJACK: Okay.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Thank you for hosting us.
It was so nice to get away for the week
and learn all about
your charming little traditions
that didn't freak me out at all. Bye-bye!

DIANE: Oh, Mr. Peanutbutter, I am so relaxed.
I didn't realize
how much tension I'd built up in my--
Oh, my God! Um...
Mr. Peanutbutter, why is our hotel room
filled with dentist clowns?

TODD: Don't be ridiculous, Diane.
They're not all dentist clowns.
Half of them are clown dentists.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:Just try to ignore them
and go about your business.

DIANE: Okay.
Ugh!
"UnbeataBiel"?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:What the--?!

DIANE: Oh-hh! Katrina.

TODD: Not now, Professor Flim-Flam!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:Of course,
Katrina would latch onto Jessica
as the beautiful face
of her dangerous agenda.

TODD: Well, there's no way
they could beat Woodchuck, right?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:No? Because I almost beat him
and I don't even know
what a governor does.

DIANE: That's true.
Mr. Peanutbutter, you've got to help.
Woodchuck has no idea
what he's up against.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER:You're right! But are we sure
this is the right thing for us?
If I jump right back into politics,
that's not gonna give me a lot of time
to focus on our burgeoning
clown dentistry business.

DIANE: Then it is definitely
the right thing for us.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Ha! Woodchuck!
You need me, Woodchuck!
You've got brain smarts,
but your sober-minded policy speeches
are no match for the glitz and pizzazz
of a Hollywoo starlet.
Even a relatively low-wattage one
like Jessica Biel.
I was married to both Jessica and Katrina.
I know them inside and out.
And I'm not speaking in a sexual way,
although it is also true in a sexual way.
You gotta let me join the campaign!
Great! There's no time to lose.
Quick! Get in Dr. Boing-Boing's
dream-powered smile-mobile!

BOJACK: Hey.
I'm sorry I was an asshole.
What are you doing?
No.
I was just jealous because you were
spending a lot of time with him.
Forget him. You're gonna meet lots of guys
who will fall madly in love with you.
Hollyhock, you are an amazing woman
and you should never settle for someone
who only loves the idea of you.
You are funny, and you're kind,
and you're clever.
I-- come on.
What do you want me to say?
Obviously, I think you're beautiful.
Hey, I got an idea.
Why don't we go get some Cold Stone?
That'll take your mind off Miles.
Plus, I'll let you drive the Tesla!
Well, then, forget that.
Let's get a pizza.
Oh.
PRINCESS CAROLYN: Don't worry about it. I feel great!
I just know you're gonna be
the next Joey K. Easter,
the guy who invented Arbor Day.
You'll think of something.
Give me just a sip of the coffee.
I can have a sip.
Today is going to be great.
Oh--!
Oh-hh!

BOJACK: Go for BoJack!
You like that?
I'm trying out some new phone stuff.
Or is "Bo for GoJack" better?
Nah, maybe too clever.
I don't want people to think I'm trying.
Sorry, who is this?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Princess Carolyn, moron.

BOJACK: Oh, hey, P.C. So what do you think?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: About what?

BOJACK: "Go for BoJack!" Or maybe--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ugh, stop!
You need to get a new agent.
I'm sick of fielding your offers.

BOJACK: Offers? Well, you tell them
that I am not doing another reality show.
So degrading.
All they had at craft services
was Kirkland snacks, P.C.  Kirkland snacks.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, first of all, I don't work for you,
so I'm not gonna tell anyone anything.
But, second,
these are actually good offers.

BOJACK: Really? Like what?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm not telling you because--

BOJACK: Got it. Busy, busy. I'm busy too,
so I'll call you back later. Bye.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Don't call me back. I don't work for you!

BOJACK: How's this for a headline for the blog?
You write about this, quote,
"BoJack Finally Solves Mystery
of Hollyhock's Mother,
comma, Looks Handsome,
colon: Is Cool." End quote.

DIANE: I still don't understand your plan,
or how that's a headline.

BOJACK: The plan couldn't be simpler.
Go to the county courthouse,
ask to see all the birth certificates
on file, find Hollyhock's,
see what it says in the "mother" spot.

DIANE: They're not just gonna give you
the birth certificates.

BOJACK: Well, I gotta try something.
I have this girl at my house
who came to me for help,
I want to do right by her.

DIANE: I just don't know
if you've thought through--

BOJACK: Diane, I am a famous.
They will give me the birth certificate.
Everyone gives me everything I want
all the time.
It is an existential curse,
but a huge day-to-day convenience.

DIANE: So why do you need me?

BOJACK: I don't know. Just wanted some company.

DIANE: You told me to use a vacation day
because this was, quote,
"a feminism-related emergency."

BOJACK: I got your number!

DIANE: Why didn't you just bring Hollyhock?

BOJACK: I was gonna, but she got really
into counting her teeth this morning,
didn't want to leave the house.
You know how teens are.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Corpse Me If You Can-Can , the 1940's
Cannes, France-set story
of a can-can dancer who contracts cancer
but continues to can-can
as a canny cadaver
who plays the accordion
with Kevin Corrigan, Kevin Kline,
Chris Klein, Chris Pine and Chris Kattan.
Gekko.
You look tired, "Veronica."
Did Chris Kattan drop out?
Right before his comeback?
Right when the world is finally ready
to settle for Kattan?
I'm  fired?
Who knew Portnoy had so many complaints?
Oh, just give me one more chance.
I promise I can get you the lead
in that can-can cadaver movie.
You did play the short-sighted seamstress
in The Storm on Northern Fortress.
Aw.
Oh, uh--
Thanks, Judah.
You know, one year ago,
a setback like this
would have really spun me out.
But I don't need Courtney.
Every time we fall, we get back up
stronger and better than ever.
Can I get a hallelujah?
Great. What's next?
Don't know what I'd do without you,
my hairy number two!
Oh, God, I'm sorry.
That came out horribly.
Ugh!
BoJack is off the table.
We're a small management company.
We just need to focus
on the clients we have.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Mo for Gister Peanutbutter!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, handsome. Heard you dropped out
of the governor's race.
Now let's get you back to work
on what really matters-- show business!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm going to stop you right there.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I was done.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I can't wait to get back
in front of the camera,
but right now, I have to help my former
political rival defeat my two ex-wives.
One of whom is in the pocket
of powerful lobbyists
and the other of whom
murdered popular actor
and soundtrack artisan, Zach Braff,
and ate his burnt flesh!
Politics as usual, right?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, when you're ready to work again--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Gotta go. They need all hands on deck,
because Woodchuck
lost his hands underground
and they replaced them
with creepy lobster claws.
Typical politics!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey. So I need this clasp replaced,
24-karat gold.
This is a priceless family heirloom.
Thank you.
Charley?
No, I own my own management company.
Your approval means nothing to me.
What offer? I mean, exactly what offer
are you talking about?
I get so many.
Judah.
Oh, right. That offer.
Well, yeah. Because I wasn't,
and he does what I say.
Yeah.
Judah, you'll never guess
who I just ran into.
It was Charley Witherspoon!
Char... ley...
Wither... spoon!
How does that make you feel?
So, what's next, then?
Ooh, I want to get the life rights
to that woman I saw on Instagram
who had a pretty coffee.
I bet we could attach Jessica Alba
and Jonathan Taylor-Thomas by lunch.
And finally, Rob Lowe.
But is it possible you've forgotten
your doctor's appointment?
Oh, fish!
Thank you, Judah! I'll call you
if I think of any more actor names.

BOJACK: God, this is taking forever.

DIANE: We've been waiting for 15 minutes.

BOJACK: I know. Let's just go home.
No, Diane.
How could you even suggest that?
This is not about us.
This is for my daughter.

DIANE: Ugh.

BOJACK: I know what I have to do.
Excuse me, excuse me. Pardon me.
Important celebrity doing the right thing.
Hello, friend.
Yes, it's me, BoJack Hor--
I'm sorry, I don't give out
my personal phone number.
Horseman. It's Horseman.
I don't look familiar to you at all?

DIANE: Come on, BoJack. Let's get a number.
Oh, wow, thanks! You didn't think
20 was too many reasons?
Didn't I say it would?

BOJACK: We don't have time.
Where do we get a number?
What?
Ow, paper cut! Who still uses paper?
Can't I just swipe an app or something?
Oh, get over yourself.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So? What's the prognosis?
Wait, what?
Well, how do we make it viable again?
How did this happen?
Oof!
This is... a lot.
What do I do next?
No, I'm okay. I don't need anyone.
Hey, is my necklace ready?
Oh?
No, it's very expensive.
But, it's from the old country.
It's been in my family for generations.
Wha-- huh?
Oh-hh!
Oh!
Ralph, hey!
The doctor's appointment got pushed back.
I'm actually just walking in now.
Oh, hello. Yes, it's me, Princess Carolyn,
here for my appointment.
I like your perfume.
There is a painting of a lake on the wall.
Ralph, it's fine. I'm a big girl.
Yeah, easy. 
That's what the boys in high school
liked about me, too.
I love you, too.
No. Thank you.
You don't always know
what's best for me, Judah.
Charley Witherspoon
made you an offer to buy Vim,
and you went over my head
and turned him down without telling me.
So it's true. You lied to me.
Because you didn't want to work
at a big agency.
You don't fit in with other people.
You're weird, so you'd rather stay here
where you have all the power.
So you lied to me,
and you made me look like an idiot!
I don't need you to protect me.
Well, that's not your decision to make.
No.
If I can't trust you,
then I can't work with you.
You're fired.
Thank you, Judah.

BOJACK: I'm not leaving
without the certificate!
I danced your dance, lady.
I filled out that form.
But I will not wait in this line anymore.
Not one person in here
offered me a Fiji water,
and I am parched
from all the yelling I've been doing!

DIANE: BoJack, let's go home.

BOJACK: No, I would like to register
a formal complaint.
How do I do that?
You have won this round.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay, so you'd give that card
to a paperweight?
That Kerry Washington has really brought
red wine into popularity.
Ugh.
You know it.
Aw-ww...
Well, the doctor didn't have much info.
You know how doctors are. But he did say
there's nothing wrong with me, so--
Ooh!
Agh!
Ugh!
I have to go.
No, it's fine.
I'll just meet you at home.
Oh!

TODD: Oh, hey, Princess Carolyn.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What is going on here?

TODD: Only the future.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: This is horrifying
and it doesn't look legal,
but whatever it is, you'd better
cut me in for ten percent.
Whose kid is that?

TODD: Look, if you didn't want me
to turn your apartment
into a base of operations
for my new clown-dentist venture,
you should have specified that
when I moved in.
Oh, no! He's waking up.
Hit him with the giggle gas!
Oh!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: All right. You're clearly doing
important work here.
I'm just gonna have a quick nightcap
and go to bed.

TODD: Hey, what happened to your necklace?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh, fish! Fish, fish, fish, fish.
It must have fallen off!
Yeah, just a second!
Todd, get these clowns outta here!

TODD: Go, go, go, go.
Scatter, clowns!
Into the night! Go! Go!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Go, scamper! Everybody, out!

TODD: Ugh!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Okay.
Oh, thank God!
Aw, you was worried?
That hipster Chewbacca,
always getting in my personal biz-natch.
Okay, what? Third degree much?
It's fine, okay?
I get to drink because baby went gone!
"Gone, baby, gone."
Like that Ben Affleck movie.
That could be a sequel.
Gone, Baby, Never Was.  Write that down.
It's okay! You know me.
I always land on my feet.
Take a lickin', keep tickin'.
Like a lollipop with Tourette's.
Write that down.
Is that what you're upset about?
That I lied?
About losing the baby?
About keeping my apartment?
I lied? That's the big sad thing
that happened?
It's gonna be fine.
I'll be pregnant again in no time.
I'm ready!
I said I was ready.
I don't need other options.
My mother had 12 kids.
My body was made for this.
We just gotta keep tick-tick-tickin'.
Five!
I've had five miscarriages.
One last year, now one,
and three others before.
But it's whatever. It's okay.
Are you kidding?
I don't want you looking at me like that.
Like that! I know I can do this.
It's not about you.
You're not allowed to be mad at me.
This is my bad day.
It's so easy for you...
to love me when everything's good.
No.
You need to live in this.
You need to get used to this,
because if you're serious about having
a baby with me, this could happen again.
Are you prepared for that?
This could happen five more times.
But I'm ready for that.
Because I want this.
Do you want it that bad?
Okay. Here's another option.
Get out of my apartment!
Get out! Save it for your next girlfriend.
The one you can take home to your parents.
The one who's easy.
What is it?

BOJACK: I'm calling about the offers.
I don't want to do 'em.
What's the point of being famous
if you wait in line?
If you could politely decline
on my behalf--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I do not work for you, BoJack!

BOJACK: I'm sorry. I started this all wrong.
How was your day?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well--

BOJACK: Because mine was awful.
I mean, truly, one for the books.
Because I'm a good guy
trying to do the right thing.
First, I go for my breakfast Pinkberry,
which I had earned
because I had good intentions for today,
they're out of my favorite toppings!
So I go across the street to Menchie's,
like some kind of hobo.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Mm-hmm.

BOJACK: At Menchie's, the stupid teen that
worked there raised her eyebrows at me.
"You kidding me?
You're trying to judge me?
You have very uneven eyebrows
and you work at a Menchie's."
And don't even get me started
on the rancid internment camp
that is the L.A. County Courthouse.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, you wanna know what I do
when I have a really bad,
awful, terrible day?

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I imagine my great-great-great
granddaughter in the future
talking to her class about me.
She's poised and funny,
and tells people about me
and how everything worked out
in the end.
And when I think about that,
I think about how everything's
going to work out.
Because how else could she tell people?

BOJACK: But it's... fake.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah, well... it makes me feel better.
BOJACK: Give it a moment.
Nothing gets by me, Tina.
Uno what I'm thinking?
I don't think you have any blues.
I think you put the wild card down,
and chose blue,
because you want us
to think you have blues.
Uh, excuse me.
I am employing
a little something called "strategy."
And I am taking my time because
I enjoy being the center of attention.
And until I put a card down,
you have to listen.
Well, since you're being so impatient,
I'm gonna put my thing down,
flip it and reverse it back to Tina.
So you  did  have blues.  Touché.
It's your turn, Beatrice.
You okay, Hollyhock?
You think I've never seen
an old niner-sixer before?
Whoa, are-- are you okay?
Did you cut yourself?
It's okay. I know what to do.
You need some alcohol, ice,
a squeeze of lemon.
You'll forget all about your cut.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Much like Ernest Contralto
killed those innocent children
after he pedophiled them,
with those very hands.
Your hands are being
really aggressive right now.
Watch out! They're attacking your face!

DIANE: I'm working on another big piece
about how Jessica Biel is owned
by private prison lobbyists, who want--
Well...
Why would--
Ugh!
Grilled cheese?
Well, today I just want to know
what you smell like.
Your perfume's called "B"-list?
"B"-list. Like a "B"-list celebrity.
Yeah I think we're saying the same thing.
No, thanks.
Well, I wouldn't flatter
yourself too much.
He's very enthusiastic
about smelling in general.
What? No.
Yeah, I bet.
Yeah. I think I do.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Whoa!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, who'da thunk it?

DIANE: Who knew?
I knew. I put the avocado thing
in the story on purpose,
I knew people wouldn't like it.
So just for the record, I "thunk" it.
Even though it doesn't matter.
I don't need credit.
But it does, if I didn't do that,
it wouldn't have happened.
So, it's because of me.
Me. I just told you.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: We did it, didn't we?

DIANE: We did!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You and me, working together,
both contributing the same amount.

DIANE: Well, I wrote the article
that got Woodchuck elected governor.
You're the one that made him
not governor in the first place.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I set 'em up. You knock 'em down.

TODD: It would be funnier
if your name was Betty Buenaventura
of the Better Business Bureau.
Oh.
Isn't laughter the best medicine?
Well, what if I said my business
was for entertainment purposes?
Ah, everyone's a critic.
Wait! Wait.
What if my clown dentists
put on a show?
A delightful, whimsical,
non-terrifying clown-stravaganza?
You would have to agree
we were a legitimate
business then, right?
Give us a week. We'll put on a show.
If you don't laugh,
I'll dissolve the business
and release all my clown dentists
into the woods,
where they'll never bother anyone again.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ooh!
Excuse me.
Get outta my way.

TODD: Like, hooked in a funny way.
You call that funny?
That's not funny. It's sad.
Uh, no! Abraham Lincoln
and some weird flat house
are two sides of the same coin.
Take five, Picarello.
I've got a week
to whip these dentists into clowns.
But they're just not silly or wacky
or prone to kooky hijinks of any kind!
Should you be drinking that?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why not? I got no baby or boyfriend.
Might as well get blotto, right? 

TODD: Um, shouldn't you be at work?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm recal-bibrating.
Oh!
Ohh...

TODD: Hey, maybe you should--

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Judah, look at my phone! Judah!

TODD: You have a meeting with Flip McVicker.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Tell his gal I'm running ten minutes late.

TODD: What gal?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So, you're a writer?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah.
Thanks for the business card.
Oh?
This sounds fabulous.
Why don't you write a script,
we'll go from there?
Oh, you brought it with you.
Yeah. Look, Flip, before I even read this,
I should tell you
that this town's a total crapshoot.
Odds of the right person
finding your material
and connecting with it
are a million to... one.
It's not stupid. I believe in you.
I don't know how else to describe it
other than this feeling
of supreme warmth came over me,
like this is what I've been waiting for
my whole life.

TODD: That's amazing!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Todd, the world is dark and scary
and full of creepy clown dentists...

TODD: They're working very hard
to be less creepy.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: But when I hold this script in my hands,
I have hope.
I gotta get this made.
What do I always say?
"What's the difference
between an agent and a manager?"

TODD: Uh, managers are always
talking about the differences
between agents and managers
and agents don't as much?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No! Managers can produce!
This script is a sign.
I gotta get off my ass
and produce this baby.
Todd? 
Get me a meeting with Turtletaub.
Set something up with his gal.
Who is this gal?

TODD: Okay. Clentists, assemble!
Wipe those serious looks
off your faces and listen up!
We gotta help Princess Carolyn,
but also we gotta prep
for our big show next week.
What a ludicrous notion!
Doctor Picarello,
we might make a clown out of you yet!
This next part is critical. Remain wacky.
This is a highly frivolous situation!
Now, Doctor Boing Boing!
All right, Princess Carolyn, sit tight.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Whoa!

TODD: Deliver the goods,
Doctor Boing Boing!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Ah!
Whoa!
Lenny, thanks for making time.
Uh, new perfume, "Sealist," by Seal.
Now let's get to brass stacks.
So it's a hot young writer.
It's TV. It's me producing.
Just look at this script.
I know it's gonna knock your socks off.
Yeah.
That's huge! That's so many people!
Let's set the pitch for next week.
He's this grizzled
but very good-looking detective
who gets sucked back in to something.
Not yet, but...
No! Fish!
Oh, whoa... ooh, spinny.

TODD: Don't let Turtletaub
get back to his office.
Doctor Picarello,
you gotta revive Princess Carolyn.
Give her ten cc's of honka-honka.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh!
Okay, okay, how about Aaron Eckhart?
He owes me a favor
and he can disappear into any role.
Tony Shalhoub!
Please. I need this so bad.
You don't understand.
This project is my ba...
my ba...
It's my baby.
No!
There's gotta be a name
that does something for you.
Uh, Jack Huston... Hugh... Hugh Jackman.
BoJack Horseman!
Corbin Bernsen.
Ben Mendelsohn.
BoJack. That's an idea.
Right, but--
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure, sure.
I'm saying, there are a lotta guys...
Of course I can.
Uh, will do.

TODD: Guys, that was amazing!
But if we're going to convince Yolanda
we're ready for the big top,
we need to really hunker down
over the next week
and put together a show
so undeniably hilarious
and life-affirming,
that she has no choice but to say...
Hooray!
Oh, no! My hooray was premature!
All right, you heard the lady.
Get into the car, everyone.
I'm taking you to the woods,
out by the old abandoned insane asylum,
near the elementary school
where you belong.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What? Why?
Thank you, Stuart.
You mean the pitch meeting.
No, Stuart. Thank you.

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, BoJack, great news!

BOJACK: Bad time. Can't talk.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wait, just listen for a...
Okay.
Here we go, baby.

BOJACK: Oh, man!
You are not finding what you need!
The deck is a harsh mistress, Tina.
Hollyhock, you gotta get in here!
Tina is drawing so many cards.
It's amazing.
Hollyhock! Hollyhock?
Hollyhock?
Yes, for the third time,
her name is "Hollyhock."
And her last name?
Manheim-Mannheim, uh, Steamroller...
I think there's a Lopez
in the mix somewhere?
A Chung maybe?
Okay, just... any information
you can give me
on the 17-year-old horse girl
who came here by ambulance
15 minutes ago would be
of interest to my friend,
Mr. Franklin's... friend, Mr. Hamilton.
Guerrero!
Hollyhock Manheim-Mannheim-Guerrero...
Robinson...
Zilberschlag-Hsung-Fonzarelli-McQuack.
That's her name.
And she's about five-eight.
And she's 17,
her birthday is in September.
And... she looks like me.
And she loves apples
but hates apple sauce.
And she's funny.
But she isn't mean.
Which is pretty remarkable,
'cause a lot of 17-year-olds think
you have to be mean to be funny,
but Hollyhock is very sweet,
even if she can be sarcastic.
But she has this smile with...
Does that help?
I'm not leaving here
until I get to see her.
Ugh.
Huh?
Excuse me.
Did you say Hollyhock? Are you...
Hello, yes! Yeah. Thank God you're here.
I'm BoJack Horseman.
Okay. Yep.
Okay.
Got it.
Okay.
How's Hollyhock?
They wouldn't give me information.
No, I know. I just... Is she okay?
What happened?
What? No.
What was she on? I had no idea.
I was.
Can I see her? Can I talk to her?
No, I didn't...
Okay, I feel like there's a lot
of male energy right now.
Why don't I come back in a couple hours?
Give Hollyhock a chance to rest
before I talk to her.
Look, if I could just...
Okay.
No, no. No, no, no.
Oh, God. Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
She's gone, Mom.
Thanks, Mom.
Right. How did I not see it?
All this time, I thought
you were a terrible parent.
And you were.
But I blew it even worse.
It turns out being a parent is impossible,
so I guess I can't be that mad at you.
Maybe we deserve each other.
Jesus, you two and your coffee.
Wait. No.
What did you put in this?
"Chub-B-Gone?"
This whole time.
Of course it was you.
No. All this "I-don't-know-where-I-am
or-who-my-son-stuff" is,
is officially not cute anymore.
You ruined the one good thing I had.
The one thing I didn't ruin myself,
but of course I did
because I thought it was a good idea
to give you one more chance.
Stop. You are out of chances.

BOJACK: What?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, BoJack, great news!

BOJACK: Bad time. Can't talk.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wait, just listen--

BOJACK: No, I said "worst available room."
Noted.
Oh! In that case, please watch me
not reach for my wallet.
Well, this is your life now.
This is what it all added up to.
You, by yourself, in this room.
Best of luck. See ya never.
Ugh. Bye, Mom.
BOJACK: I am not Henrietta! I'm your son!
Yes! Your son, BoJack. I'm him.
I'm the ball of gas!
Wait. Mom, do you remember--
Ugh!
No, we're going
to a glorious magical place
where they'll lock you
in a room by yourself
so you can't hurt anyone ever again.
Wait. You just said--
Yes, this is my mother.
I'd like to leave her here.
Can I pay for the next five years now
so I don't have to think about her again?
I'm not what?
Oh, once upon a time...
I'm not a baby. I'm six.
I'm forming sentences.
I didn't say your book is great.
Okay.
Bye, Mom.
I don't know why you don't
just get a divorce already.
That actually is a legitimate reason
to get a divorce.
What I did?
Sure.
I said I'll take it.
How long you sticking around for, Mom?
Yeah, let's get you good and liquored up
before you drive up the coast.
I got a date with Tonya Harding tonight.
She was the good one right?
I always get them confused.
Three years ago now.
You're really on the pulse, huh?
Some people like silly stories.
It's not Ibsen, but...
Well thanks for the painting.
It'll be nice to have something that
always reminds me of this conversation.
Best of luck. See ya never.
Bye, Mom.
Mom?
Yeah, it's me.
This is where you live now.
Mom...
I just told you.
You're...
in Michigan.
Yeah.
At the lake house.
It's a-- It's a warm summer night,
and the fireflies are dancing
in the sky.
And your whole family is here.
And they're telling you
that everything is gonna be all right.
The crickets are-- are chirping,
and the lake is still,
and the night is full of stars.
We're sitting on the back porch,
and we're listening to your brother
play the piano,
and we're eating ice cream.
Vanilla ice cream.
Can you taste the ice cream, Mom?
PRINCESS CAROLYN: I got into
this business because I love stories.
They comfort us, they inspire us,
they create a context
for how we experience the world.
But also, you have to be careful,
because if you spend
a lot of time with stories,
you start to believe that life
is just stories, and it's not.
Life is life, and that's so sad,
because there's so little time and...
what are we doing with it?
Unless you want it to be
a time full of newts.

BOJACK: Wait. I-- I just--
My mother, she's senile,
and she was drugging the coffee.
That's why-- Just--
I wanted you to know that
none of this was Hollyhock's fault.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hmm.
What? Oh, yeah.
BoJack is attached.
But he's not like "attached" attached.
If you want us
to get somebody better--
Well--
Oh, right. Yeah, yeah.

DIANE: Look at that!
That is so cool!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Wait, Diane.
Are we in the same house right now?
I don't see you.

DIANE: I can hear you.
I think we're close!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: So I'm invisible?
Oh, in this scenario, am I a ghost?
Of a Union soldier, perhaps,
who cannot rest until
his final letter is delivered!

DIANE: And can I be
Anne of Green Gables?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane, can I talk to you alone
for a moment?

DIANE: Sure!
Why don't you meet me
in the guest bathroom? Ow!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Where's--

DIANE: Hold on. I think--
Here we are.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Diane?
Do you really love this house?

DIANE: Yeah, it's fine.
I didn't love the old house,
but it was your house and I moved in,
and it was great.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But this is an opportunity
to build something together.
Something that'll last
for the rest of our lives.

DIANE: Anything you want is gonna be good
with me. Just like your old house.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: But I don't want this to just be
another one of  my  houses.
I want this to be our house.

DIANE: And it will be,
because we'll both be living in it.
Mr. Peanutbutter,
I don't need anything fancy.
All that matters to me
is that I get to live with you.
In the real world.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Oh!

DIANE: No more campaign,
no more ex-wives.
Just Diane and Mr. Peanutbutter,
back to normal.
For the rest of our lives.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That sounds great.

DIANE: We'll take it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: One second, though,
I have to use the bathroom.

BOJACK: How was I supposed to Sha Na know
they were going to invite me
on the stage to do a guitar solo?
Well, too bad
I'm the only dad you got.
O.J. Simpson lawyer
and DNA expert Barry Scheck?
Hi. Yeah, my mom is a resident.
I've still got a bunch of her stuff.
No don't put me on hold.
Just take a message--

TODD: Oh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Hey, buddy.

TODD: Good thinking.
What?
You need to get your shit together.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Wha-- Where am I?

TODD: Okay, so you know how you're always
giving pep talks to people,
telling them they need
to get their shit together?
Well, this is me giving you
the Princess Carolyn pep talk.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Why am I tied up in the woods?

TODD: So you can't escape my wise words.
Is that not part of it?
I couldn't remember.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It doesn't matter.
It's all over for me.
When it gets out
I faked BoJack's signature,
the deal's gonna fall apart.
There goes my reputation, my career--

TODD: Well, there's more to life
than just your career, isn't there?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Is there?

TODD: Isn't there?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I have nothing!

TODD: Oh! This pep talk is going
in the wrong direction.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Do you know how hard it is
to start a family at my age?
To find a guy at my age?

TODD: You don't need a guy to start a family.
You're Princess Carolyn.
You can do anything.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, I can't.

TODD: Look, the woods are dark and scary,
but the only way out is through.
I'm sorry.
I got distracted by the woods.
Um, what were we talking about?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: No, you're right.
The only way out is through.
I gotta talk to BoJack.
I gotta stop feeling sorry for myself.
I'm Princess Carolyn.

TODD: That's the spirit!
As my blood type always says,
"B" positive!

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What was that?

TODD: I don't know.
Hey, Doctor Picarello.
Doctor Picarello, are you okay?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Todd?

TODD: So it turns out Vice Chancellor
Laughing Gassy got rabies
from quarrelling with an old raccoon.
And then he started biting everyone,
and now a bunch of them have rabies.
Who could have predicted
my innocent clown dentist venture
could turn into something so terrifying?
Yolanda, the only reason
they're in the woods at all
is because of you.
If people find out the Better
Business Bureau is behind this,
you don't think you'll be getting a buzz
from the Business Branch
of the Board of Better Bureaus?
Call me four out of five dentists,
because I agree.

DIANE: Here we are.
The rest of our lives.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, wow.
Do you wanna go to Hawaii?

DIANE: What? Right now?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah! When's the last time
we did something impulsive?

DIANE: Well, you did run for governor
without giving it much--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I just think we could use a vacation.
Things have been so crazy this last year.
Before we start the rest of our lives,
haven't we earned a break?

DIANE: All right. Let's go to Hawaii! They got
that bridge that's just sitting there.
We might as well use it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right! Hawaii, here we come!

DIANE: All right! Hawaii!

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hawaii!

DIANE: Oh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: So, listen.
As you know, one of the differences
between agents and managers--

BOJACK: Oh, my God. Stop. Please stop.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm producing a new TV show.
It's a phenomenal script which may
or may not involve ghost or newts.

BOJACK: Does it involve ghost or newts?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It may!

BOJACK: You haven't read it, have you?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Read it? I'm producing it!

BOJACK: Right.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's this gritty, hard-boiled mystery--

BOJACK: Ugh! I'm so sick of mysteries.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Right, well--

BOJACK: They're impossible to figure out.
Then all of a sudden, some random detail
makes the hero remember a conversation
that totally re-contextualizes everything,
and then it all magically comes together.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Sure, but--

BOJACK: It's such bullshit.
Where's my random detail that's gonna
suddenly make everything make sense?
Because I would love that.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Well, this script is really special,
and everyone wants to play the lead,
from Matthew McConaughey
to Matthew Perry.

BOJACK: Matthew Perry?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah. But I was thinking--

BOJACK: Hold on. Matthew Perry...
Why do you ask?
Seems like a long shot. How about
a better strategy is, don't do that,
and then you won't be disappointed
when it doesn't work out?
You mean  Schindler's List .
Remind me?
Whoa.
I have to go.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Look, I'm trying to do you a favor here!

BOJACK: Oh.
Huh.
Huh?

TODD: Yes. Get the magazine.
What a fine addition
to your waiting room.
Oh, no!
Guys, let's talk this out.
Oh, man.
Me neither.
Hmm.

DIANE: Can you not start and stop so much?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I can't control the traffic, darling.
When the car in front of me starts,
I start. And when it stops, I stop.

DIANE: Well maybe you don't have to start
every time the car in front of you starts,
because you know it's gonna
stop again anyway.
You could leave a little space.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay.
And another car just cut in front of me
because I left a little space.

DIANE: Well, I'm sorry, but I'm getting carsick.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Okay. I'm gonna get some gas.
All right. I got the lowdown.
First of all, very important,
I got you this flattened penny.

DIANE: I will cherish it always.
I'm sorry for being annoying before.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Don't worry about it.
Here's the deal.
With this traffic,
we can stay on our current trajectory
and get to Hawaii just in time
to spend two luxurious hours
at the Honolulu Stilton,
and then turn around and come back,
or we can hang out here
at the Thrifty Lodge
at this charming halfway to Hawaii
rest area and gas park.
Excuse me,
we would like your finest room, please.

DIANE: What kind of cuisine is on premises?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And what are your spa hours?

DIANE: Okay, if I wanted to have a big gala,
could I use your grand ballroom for that,
or is that booked months in advance?
I could settle for a demi-ballroom
in a pinch,
but attire will be formal,
I don't wanna upstage the venue.
I see. This will do nicely.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Didn't you tell me once
you always wanted a ballroom?

DIANE: Actually, no. 
What I wanted was a Belle-room.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: What is that? Like a room full of bells?

DIANE: It's a room full of big books,
with big windows and a ladder,
like Belle got in  Beauty and the Beast.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: And it's called a Belle-room?

DIANE: It's called a library.
But I called it a Belle-room
because it was magical.
And since it was a name I made up
for a room that wasn't real,
that meant that it was just mine.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: That's adora-Belle.
What's that?
Ha! That's right.
Hmm?

DIANE: Go, take a picture.
It'll make their day.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: You sure? You don't mind?

DIANE: I'll be in the room.
Don't stay out
with your new friends too late.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Hey, guys. I'm coming down.
What other of my things do you like?

DIANE: Okay, so...
Oh.
Hey.

BOJACK: I need to talk to Hollyhock!
You have to let me see her.
Please, I flew all the way here
and it's Wichita,
so it's not like
I got other shit to do in Wichita.
You. You're the one
who likes foreign movies, right?
That part in  Amelie,
where she listens to the guy's story?
This is that part.
And I'm the guy with the story.
And I need you to be Amelie right now.
Okay, you're impossible.
The rest of you, please,
just listen for a second.
I know you hate me.
But for Hollyhock, please, listen.
Whole time she's staying with me,
it doesn't make sense, right?
If I'm her father,
where is her mother?
No, I'm saying, medically,
where is the woman I had sex with
that made her be born?
Right? That's why Hollyhock
came to L.A. in the first place.
But then I thought,
"What if I'm not her father?"
You're her fathers. Yeah. I know, I know.
Eight of you, each have
your own cute thing, I get it.
My point is, Hollyhock and I
have the same DNA,
but that doesn't mean I'm her father.
Oh my god, I feel like you are
willfully misunderstanding me.
What I am saying is,
I'm not even her father biologically.
My father is her father.
I went to every hospital
and clerk house in L.A.
I waited in lines, filled out forms,
talked to anyone who would talk to me.
I wouldn't rest until I knew
I'd done everything I could.
But there was no record
of a little horse girl
born on Hollyhock's birthday...
...in L.A., because Hollyhock
wasn't born in L.A.
She was born in San Francisco.
I got a little bug in my brain
that my father knocked up the help.
So I went up there, and I did
the whole thing again, and I found it.
The birth certificate
with her mother's name,
clear as day, Henrietta Platchkey.
But where is she now, right?
I looked her up on Facebook.
I know what you think:
"BoJack Horseman
has a Facebook account?"
Obviously, I didn't,
because the Internet is for nerds.
But I know it's a good way to find people,
so I set up an account, and I found her.
She lives in Minneapolis.
She's a nurse.
Her phone number
was on her Facebook page.
And I wanted Hollyhock to have it.
She has to know.
You don't have to tell her I was here.
I'll stay out of her life forever.
You can tell her I'm an asshole.
Say you found this on your own.
I don't care, but you have
to tell her. Please.
Guys--
Yeah?
Okay.

TODD: Welcome to the best
workout routine in L.A.
Nothing motivates like fear.
So remember, once you're in there,
don't stop running.
If the clown dentists catch you,
they will bite you,
and they have very healthy teeth.
Nope, really. They will actually bite you,
and they do actually have rabies.
Exactly! And don't forget...
have fun in there!
We did it.
Between your no-nonsense approach
and my the-regular-amount-of-nonsense
approach,
we make a pretty good team.
Oh, um, I should tell you,
I'm actually asexual.
Oh! Uh, okay.
Huh.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I have to talk to you.

BOJACK: Make yourself at home.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I screwed up. I'm sorry.
I promised you'd do this show.
I don't know why. I just...
I needed something--

BOJACK: I'll do it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: What?

BOJACK: You want me to do it, I'll do it.
God knows you've done enough for me.
What's wrong? I said I'd do it.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: It's just really hard to need people.

BOJACK: Yeah, but...

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Yeah. Thank you.

BOJACK: Eh, it'll be good for me
to get out of the house anyway.
You want a drink?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Water.

BOJACK: Water? "Water" you pregnant?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Very much not so.

BOJACK: I heard you got a new boyfriend.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: We broke up.

BOJACK: Oh. Sounds like an asshole.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: He was actually the first guy I ever dated
who wasn't an asshole.

BOJACK: Well, onwards and upwards.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I heard you had a kid living with you?

BOJACK: No. She's got these adopted dads.
They're total dicks,
but they take care of her.
She'll have a good life.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: Oh.

BOJACK: You ever think of adopting?

PRINCESS CAROLYN: More and more lately.

BOJACK: You should. You'd be a good mom.
The world needs good moms.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'll take that under advisement.

BOJACK: Well, I guess I'll see you on set.

PRINCESS CAROLYN: I'm looking forward to it.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Now, back to normal.
Diane and Mr. Peanutbutter.

DIANE: Here we are. The rest of our lives.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I wanna show you something.
I had the contractor put this together
while we were gone. Close your eyes.

DIANE: Okay...

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: All right. Open them.

DIANE: Oh, my God! It's--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Pretty cool, huh?

DIANE: Why would you do this?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: It's what you always wanted, right?

DIANE: It's too much. I didn't want it like this.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Like what?

DIANE: I don't know. I'm sorry.
This is great. I'm sorry.
Why would you think I would like this?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Because you told me
this is what you always dreamed of?

DIANE: I don't like big gestures like this!
How many times have I--?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah, but this is--

DIANE: This was a fantasy,
something that belonged to me.
Why couldn't you have asked me--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm sorry. I'm sorry I ever try
to surprise you, or do nice things.
Do you know how much it cost
to get 5,000 fake books?

DIANE: So I'm the bitch? Is that what you--

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm sorry that I wanted to make our home
feel like a place
that you would want to live
that could be yours as well as mine!

DIANE: Why is that so important to you?

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Because otherwise,
it feels like you're a guest.
And unlike the talking candlestick
in the aforementioned Disney film,
I don't want you to be that.
It makes me feel shitty.
Like you're just visiting here,
until the next thing
and you're gonna leave me
when you get bored
or you find something better.
Like Katrina did. Like Jessica did.

DIANE: You can't use your ex-wives against me.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I'm just telling you how I feel.
I was trying to do a nice thing for you.
This is not how I thought
this would go at all.

DIANE: Diane and Mr. Peanutbutter.
Back to normal, right?
You know, sometimes I feel like
our marriage is like a magic eye poster.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: I love those things.

DIANE: I know.
And it's messy. And at first glance,
it doesn't seem to make any sense.
And it's hard to figure out.
But sometimes,
if you squint at it just right,
everything lines up,
and it's the most perfect...
beautiful, amazing thing.

MR. PEANUTBUTTER: Yeah. I know what you mean.

DIANE: But...
I'm so tired of squinting.

BOJACK: What?
Oh, Christ.
Hollyhock.
How are you?
They told you?
You're too smart
for your own good.
Really? Wow!
Right now? That's incredible.
What?
Are you kidding me? Why?
Nobody ever wants honeydew,
it's always there.
Thank you. Exactly.
Hollyhock, I'm sorry
I didn't take better care of you.
Yeah.
I should have protected you.
I really wanted to be
a good dad to you, Hollyhock.
Yeah. Good thing, I guess.
So, uh, Minneapolis, huh?
Did you rent a car or a cab?
Is there anything, uh, I can do?
I can upgrade your seats, or...
or send you better fruit.
Yeah. Yeah. Good.
